Skip to content
Acceptable Use Policy
Overview
Working Technology LLC’s intentions for publishing an Acceptable Use Policy are not to impose restrictions that are contrary to Working Technology LLC’s established culture of openness, trust and integrity. Working Technology LLC is committed to protecting Working Technology LLC’s employees, partners and the company from illegal or damaging actions by individuals, either knowingly or unknowingly.
Internet/Intranet/Extranet-related systems, including but not limited to computer equipment, software, operating systems, storage media, network accounts providing electronic mail, WWW browsing, and FTP, are the property of Working Technology LLC. These systems are to be used for business purposes in serving the interests of the company, and of our clients and customers in the course of normal operations. Please review Human Resources policies for further details.
Effective security is a team effort involving the participation and support of every Working Technology LLC employee and affiliate who deals with information and/or information systems. It is the responsibility of every computer user to know these guidelines, and to conduct their activities accordingly.
Purpose
The purpose of this policy is to outline the acceptable use of computer equipment at Working Technology LLC. These rules are in place to protect the employee and Working Technology LLC. Inappropriate use exposes Working Technology LLC to risks including virus attacks, compromise of network systems and services, and legal issues.
Scope
This policy applies to the use of information, electronic and computing devices, and network resources to conduct Working Technology LLC business or interact with internal networks and business systems, whether owned or leased by Working Technology LLC, the employee, or a third party. All employees, contractors, consultants, temporary, and other workers at Working Technology LLC and its subsidiaries are responsible for exercising good judgment regarding appropriate use of information, electronic devices, and network resources in accordance with Working Technology LLC   policies and standards, and local laws and regulation. Exceptions to this policy are documented in section 5.2
This policy applies to employees, contractors, consultants, temporaries, and other workers at Working Technology LLC, including all personnel affiliated with third parties. This policy applies to all equipment that is owned or leased by Working Technology LLC.
Policy
General Use and Ownership
Working Technology LLC proprietary information stored on electronic and computing devices whether owned or leased by Working Technology LLC, the employee or a third party, remains the sole property of Working Technology LLC.  You must ensure through legal or technical means that proprietary information is protected in accordance with the Data Protection Standard.
You have a responsibility to promptly report the theft, loss or unauthorized disclosure of Working Technology LLC proprietary information.  You may access, use or share Working Technology LLC proprietary information only to the extent it is authorized and necessary to fulfill your assigned job duties.
Employees are responsible for exercising good judgment regarding the reasonableness of personal use. Individual departments are responsible for creating guidelines concerning personal use of Internet/Intranet/Extranet systems. In the absence of such policies, employees should be guided by departmental policies on personal use, and if there is any uncertainty, employees should consult their supervisor or manager.
For security and network maintenance purposes, authorized individuals within Working Technology LLC may monitor equipment, systems and network traffic at any time, per Working Technology LLC’s  Audit Policy. Working Technology LLC reserves the right to audit networks and systems on a periodic basis to ensure compliance with this policy.
Security and Proprietary Information
All mobile and computing devices that connect to the internal network must comply with the Minimum Access Policy.  System level and user level passwords must comply with the Password Policy. Providing access to another individual, either deliberately or through failure to secure its access, is prohibited.
All computing devices must be secured with a password-protected screensaver with the automatic activation feature set to 10 minutes or less. You must lock the screen or log off when the device is unattended.  Postings by employees from a Working Technology LLC email address to newsgroups should contain a disclaimer stating that the opinions expressed are strictly their own and not necessarily those of Working Technology LLC, unless posting is in the course of business duties.  Employees must use extreme caution when opening e-mail attachments received from unknown senders, which may contain malware.
Unacceptable Use
The following activities are, in general, prohibited. Employees may be exempted from these restrictions during the course of their legitimate job responsibilities (e.g., systems administration staff may have a need to disable the network access of a host if that host is disrupting production services).
Under no circumstances is an employee of Working Technology LLC authorized to engage in any activity that is illegal under local, state, federal or international law while utilizing Working Technology LLC-owned resources.  The lists below are by no means exhaustive, but attempt to provide a framework for activities which fall into the category of unacceptable use.
System and Network Activities
The following activities are strictly prohibited, with no exceptions:
Violations of the rights of any person or company protected by copyright, trade secret, patent or other intellectual property, or similar laws or regulations, including, but not limited to, the installation or distribution of “pirated” or other software products that are not appropriately licensed for use by Working Technology LLC.
Unauthorized copying of copyrighted material including, but not limited to, digitization and distribution of photographs from magazines, books or other copyrighted sources, copyrighted music, and the installation of any copyrighted software for which Working Technology LLC or the end user does not have an active license is strictly prohibited.
Accessing data, a server or an account for any purpose other than conducting Working Technology LLC business, even if you have authorized access, is prohibited.
Exporting software, technical information, encryption software or technology, in violation of international or regional export control laws, is illegal. The appropriate management should be consulted prior to export of any material that is in question.
Introduction of malicious programs into the network or server (e.g., viruses, worms, Trojan horses, e-mail bombs, etc.).
Revealing your account password to others or allowing use of your account by others. This includes family and other household members when work is being done at home.
Using a Working Technology LLC computing asset to actively engage in procuring or transmitting material that is in violation of sexual harassment or hostile workplace laws in the user’s local jurisdiction.
Making fraudulent offers of products, items, or services originating from any Working Technology LLC account.
Making statements about warranty, expressly or implied, unless it is a part of normal job duties.
Effecting security breaches or disruptions of network communication. Security breaches include, but are not limited to, accessing data of which the employee is not an intended recipient or logging into a server or account that the employee is not expressly authorized to access, unless these duties are within the scope of regular duties. For purposes of this section, “disruption” includes, but is not limited to, network sniffing, pinged floods, packet spoofing, denial of service, and forged routing information for malicious purposes.
Port scanning or security scanning is expressly prohibited unless prior notification to Working Technology LLC is made.
Executing any form of network monitoring which will intercept data not intended for the employee’s host, unless this activity is a part of the employee’s normal job/duty.
Circumventing user authentication or security of any host, network or account.
Introducing honeypots, honeynets, or similar technology on the Working Technology LLC network.
Interfering with or denying service to any user other than the employee’s host (for example, denial of service attack).
Using any program/script/command, or sending messages of any kind, with the intent to interfere with, or disable, a user’s terminal session, via any means, locally or via the Internet/Intranet/Extranet.
Providing information about, or lists of, Working Technology LLC employees to parties outside Working Technology LLC.
Email and Communication Activities
When using company resources to access and use the Internet, users must realize they represent the company. Whenever employees state an affiliation to the company, they must also clearly indicate that “the opinions expressed are my own and not necessarily those of the company”. Questions may be addressed to the IT Department
Sending unsolicited email messages, including the sending of “junk mail” or other advertising material to individuals who did not specifically request such material (email spam).
Any form of harassment via email, telephone or paging, whether through language, frequency, or size of messages.
Unauthorized use, or forging, of email header information.
Solicitation of email for any other email address, other than that of the poster’s account, with the intent to harass or to collect replies.
Creating or forwarding “chain letters”, “Ponzi” or other “pyramid” schemes of any type.
Use of unsolicited email originating from within Working Technology LLC’s networks of other Internet/Intranet/Extranet service providers on behalf of, or to advertise, any service hosted by Working Technology LLC or connected via Working Technology LLC’s network.
Posting the same or similar non-business-related messages to large numbers of Usenet newsgroups (newsgroup spam).
Blogging and Social Media
Blogging by employees, whether using Working Technology LLC’s property and systems or personal computer systems, is also subject to the terms and restrictions set forth in this Policy. Limited and occasional use of Working Technology LLC’s systems to engage in blogging is acceptable, provided that it is done in a professional and responsible manner, does not otherwise violate Working Technology LLC’s policy, is not detrimental to Working Technology LLC’s best interests, and does not interfere with an employee’s regular work duties. Blogging from Working Technology LLC’s systems is also subject to monitoring.
Working Technology LLC’s Confidential Information policy also applies to blogging. As such, Employees are prohibited from revealing any <Company> confidential or proprietary information, trade secrets or any other material covered by <Company>’s Confidential Information policy when engaged in blogging.
Employees shall not engage in any blogging that may harm or tarnish the image, reputation and/or goodwill of Working Technology LLC and/or any of its employees. Employees are also prohibited from making any discriminatory, disparaging, defamatory or harassing comments when blogging or otherwise engaging in any conduct prohibited by Working Technology LLC’s Non-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment
Employees may also not attribute personal statements, opinions or beliefs to Working Technology LLC when engaged in blogging. If an employee is expressing his or her beliefs and/or opinions in blogs, the employee may not, expressly or implicitly, represent themselves as an employee or representative of Working Technology LLC. Employees assume any and all risk associated with blogging.
Apart from following all laws pertaining to the handling and disclosure of copyrighted or export controlled materials, Working Technology LLC’s trademarks, logos and any other Working Technology LLC intellectual property may also not be used in connection with any blogging activity
Policy Compliance
Compliance Measurement
The Working Technology LLC team will verify compliance to this policy through various methods, including but not limited to, business tool reports, internal and external audits, and feedback to the policy owner.
Exceptions
Any exception to the policy must be approved by the Working Technology LLC team in advance.
Non-Compliance
An employee found to have violated this policy may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
Related Standards, Policies and Processes
Data Classification Policy
Data Protection Standard
Social Media Policy
Minimum Access Policy
Password Policy
Definitions and Terms
The following definition and terms can be found in the SANS Glossary located at:
https://www.sans.org/security-resources/glossary-of-terms/
Blogging
Honeypot
Honeynet
Proprietary Information
Spam
Revision History
Date of Change
Responsible
Summary of Change
June 2016
Melinda D. Thompson, Founder & CEO
Original document created
March 2017
Melinda D. Thompson, Founder & CEO
Review and update to make current
April 2018
Melinda D. Thompson, Founder & CEO
Review and update to make current
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2018 Working Technology LLC
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.Cookie SettingsAccept AllManage consent
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Functional
Functional
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Performance
Performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Analytics
Analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Others
Others
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
SAVE & ACCEPT