Skip to content
Menu
Data Processing Agreement
Security Statement
Acceptable Use Policy
Privacy Policy
Impressum
Cookie Policy
Customer Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
PLEASE READ THESE CUSTOMER TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY.
Publitas.com B.V. whose registered office and address for service is at J.H. Oortweg 21, 2333 CH Leiden, the Netherlands.
UPDATED: MARCH 17, 2023
EFFECTIVE: MARCH 17, 2023
Description
Publitas.com’s Acceptable Use Policy provides guidelines for our customers on the appropriate use of our services, and how we would normally respond in the event that we receive a complaint concerning content on a site that we host, or an email that we have transmitted.
This Policy is an integral part of our Terms of Services. You can find the Terms of Services here.
Definitions
“AUP” means the Acceptable Use Policy for services provided by the Company as published and amended from time to time on the Company website at https://www.publitas.com/aup/.
“Client” means the Company’s contracted customer and/or any user of the Service by virtue of their contract with The Company’s contracted customer.
“Company” means Publitas.com B.V. whose registered office and address for service is at Zeeburgerpad 5, 1018 AH Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
“Service” means the service provided by the Company under the Subscription Services Agreement.
“Server Farm” means system for the hosting of digital publications, websites and other Internet services owned by the Company.
“Web Hosting” means any service provided by the Company which makes use of the Server Farm.
General
The Service must not be used for the transmission or exchange of illegal material, or any material which may be deemed to be offensive, abusive, defamatory, obscene, menacing or otherwise as prohibited by applicable statutes in force.
The Service must not be used for the transmission or exchange of any material that may be in breach of copyright (including Intellectual Property Rights), confidence, privacy or other rights.
The Client will comply with applicable data protection laws.
The Client will ensure that all content supplied by it for use will be pre-checked for harmful content, including without limitation, viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or any other computer programming routines that may damage, interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, program, data or personal information.
The Client agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company from any claims, losses, liabilities and expenses (including legal fees) resulting from the Client’s breach of this Acceptable Use Policy.
Web Hosting
The Company cannot and does not proactively monitor all content added or amended by the Client and cannot and does not guarantee that material added in this manner is free from illegal content or other materials that may be considered unacceptable.
The Client undertakes sole responsibility for the content of its Web pages whether within the Company’s domains (publitas.com and publitas.nl) or other domains hosted within the Company’s Server Farm.
The Client undertakes sole responsibility to ensure that it has permission to use any material added to a site, whether provided to the Company for inclusion on the Client’s site or added directly by the Client.
The Client undertakes sole responsibility for any dispute involving Copyright or Intellectual Property Rights associated with any material added to a site, whether provided to the Company for inclusion on the Client’s site or added directly by The Client.
The Client shall not use any digital publication, website or web service hosted by the Company to promote and/or distribute any material or content that is illegal under applicable legislation. The Client should be aware that the Internet is a global communications network and what may be legal in the Netherlands may be illegal elsewhere and leave the Client liable to prosecution in another country.
The Company may undertake investigation of content services if potential abuse is brought to its attention and reserves the right to remove any digital publication or website on The Server Farm that the Company deems to contravene this AUP.
Email
The Service must not be used to send emails that are likely to cause offense, annoyance, inconvenience or anxiety to a recipient.
The Service must not be used to send emails to recipients who have specifically requested not to receive such communications by email.
The Service must not be used with intent to deprive others of service.
Investigation of abuse of The Service
Please address all complaints about abuse of the Company’s services to support@publitas.com.
The Company reserves the right to investigate suspected or potential abuse of its Acceptable Use Policy. If the Company becomes aware of possible abuse, the Company will begin an investigation that may include gathering information from all potential parties and materials on its servers. The Company reserves the right to suspend the Service during such investigations and/or to remove materials from the Server Farm.
The Client understands that the Company may be required by applicable legislation to access, store, copy or otherwise process the Client’s data stored within or transmitted by the Service. By accepting this Acceptable Use Policy, the Client expressly agrees that the Company may access and use the Client’s personal data or other account information in connection with any such investigation and may disclose such data to any law enforcement authority.
The Company reserves the right to terminate the Service, with immediate effect and without further obligation or liability to The Client if required to do so by any law enforcement authority or by the Courts of the Netherlands.
Enforceability
If any provision of this Acceptable Use Policy or part thereof shall be void for whatever reason, the offending words shall be deemed deleted and the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect.
The Company reserves the right to add, delete or modify any provision of this Policy at any time without notice, effective upon posting of the modified Policy at https://www.publitas.com/legal/acceptable-use-policy/.
This Policy shall be governed by the laws of the Netherlands and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the Netherlands.
PRODUCT
Home
Features
Enterprise
Pricing
Try For Free
Flipbook maker
Publish brochures online
Publish magazines online
Publish catalogs online
Google Catalogs alternative
Publish PDF online
PUBLITAS
About us
Jobs
Contact
Blog
Support
Partners
LEGAL
Terms & Conditions
Acceptable Use Policy
Security Statement
Privacy Statement
Cookie Policy
Impressum
Data Processing Agreement
SOCIAL
Twitter
Facebook-f
Linkedin
© Publitas.com. All rights reserved. Registered office: Publitas.com B.V., J.H. Oortweg 21, 2333 CH, Leiden, the Netherlands.
CoC (KvK): 39096214. VAT (BTW): NL817087151B01.