Support Log In
English (United States)
French (France)
Spanish (Spain)
Acceptable Use Policy
Translations:
fr-FRes-ES
1. Introduction
When using our Services, our networks and any products, content, applications or services in conjunction with the Services, Client must comply with all applicable laws, and our policies, rules and limits including this Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”). This AUP supplements and is incorporated into the terms and conditions of the Agreement (the “Terms”), which accompanies this AUP. Unless otherwise defined in this AUP, defined terms have the meanings given to them in the Terms.
2. Client Content
Client Content and Client Sites shall at all time comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations.  Client Content and Client Sites shall not contain material that:
(i)  infringes the intellectual property rights of others  or is pirated material (including but not limited to unauthorized copies, public performances or derivative versions of software, films, television programs, music, books, electronic games or other categories of protected works),      (ii)  induces, facilitates, promotes or enables financial benefit from such infringement (e.g. P2P/BitTorrent/MP3 tracking and indexing sites, “linking” or “leeching” sites, ROMs, “warez”, emulators, hacks, “phreaks,” “cracks,” or ripping software for illegally circumventing DRM or other copy protection devices);     (iii)  promotes or facilitates illegal activities, deceptive practices or violations of the privacy rights of others;     (iv)  promotes or facilitates activities generally regarded as Internet abuse, including but not limited to, the use or delivery of viruses, Spyware or other malware; or     (v)  relates to violence, sex, profanity, racism, sexism, religion, gambling, pornography, abortion, or any other subject matter that would be considered as improper or inappropriate to a reasonable person.
Client shall, at its own expense, comply with all laws, regulations and other legal requirements that apply to it in conjunction with its use of Service Provider Services.
3. System and Network Security
If Client uses Service Provider’s streaming and delivery services, Client shall not violate or tamper with the system or security of Service Provider’s network. Examples of system or security violations include, without limitation, the following: (i) unauthorized access to or use of data, systems or networks, including any attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without express authorization of the owner of the system or network; (ii) unauthorized monitoring of data or traffic on any network or system without express authorization of the owner of the system or network; (iii) interference with service to any End User, host or network including, without limitation, mailbombing, flooding, deliberate attempts to overload a system and broadcast attacks; and (iv) forging of any TCP-IP packet header or any part of the header information in an email or a newsgroup posting. Service Provider’s will investigate incidents involving such violations and may involve and will cooperate with law enforcement if a criminal violation is suspected.
Complaints regarding illegal use of the Service Provider’s Services or any relating issue should be sent to complaints@tritondigital.com.
<!-- End of Async HubSpot Analytics Code —>