Acceptable Use Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
You are independently responsible for complying with all applicable laws in all of your actions related to your use of Triton Digital's services, including our network, products, applications or technologies in conjunction with Triton Digital’s services (collectively referred to as “Triton Digital Services”), regardless of the purpose of the use. In addition, you must adhere and comply, at your own expense, with the terms of this Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”), which supplements and is incorporated into the terms and conditions of your agreement with Triton Digital (the “Terms”). Unless otherwise defined in this AUP, defined terms have the meanings given to them in the Terms.
1. Content
In this AUP, the following terms shall be defined as follows: “Content” means any and all media property, information, log file, data, file, image, message, video or content of any type or form that you or any of your end user post, publish, display, store or transit on our network; and “Site” means any and all website, mobile application or other platform or property on which digital advertising inventory served by Triton Digital or by its buying partners appear. Your Content and your Site shall at all time comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations. Your Content and your Site shall not contain material that:
(i) infringes the intellectual property rights of others or is pirated material (including but not limited to unauthorized copies, public performances or derivative versions of software, films, television programs, music, books, electronic games or other categories of protected works),
(ii) induces, facilitates, promotes or enables financial benefit from such infringement (e.g. P2P/BitTorrent/MP3 tracking and indexing sites, “linking” or “leeching” sites, ROMs, “warez”, emulators, hacks, “phreaks,” “cracks,” or ripping software for illegally circumventing DRM or other copy protection devices);
(iii) encourages, promotes, facilitates or instructs others to illegal activities, misinformation, disinformation, deceptive practices or violations of the privacy, publicity or personality rights of others;
(iv) encourages, promotes, facilitates or instructs others to activities generally regarded as Internet abuse, including but not limited to, the use or delivery of viruses, Spyware or other malware;
(v) encourages, promotes, facilitates or instructs others to abuse of alcohol, or to use illegal drugs or tabacco products; or
(vi) could be considered discriminatory, disparaging, defamatory or harassing; or
(vii) relates to violence, sex, profanity, racism, sexism, extremism, gambling, pornography, abortion, or any other subject matter that would be considered as improper or inappropriate to a reasonable person.
If you use Triton Digital Services to buy advertising inventory and serve advertising content on publishers’ Site or Content, any and all Internet sites represented by URLs in your advertising content: (i) shall be controlled by you or by your agent, (ii) shall be functional and accessible at all times, and (iii) shall comply with the terms of this AUP, and suitable in all respects to be linked to/from the applicable site containing the content. Triton Digital may test URLs and, in Triton Digital’s sole and absolute discretion, may remove URLs at any time that fail to comply with the above requirements, but Triton Digital shall have no obligation to do so.
2. System and Network Security
You shall not violate or tamper with the system or security of Triton Digital’s network. Examples of system or security violations include, without limitation, the following: (i) unauthorized access to or use of data, systems or networks, including any attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without express authorization of the owner of the system or network; (ii) unauthorized monitoring of data or traffic on any network or system without express authorization of the owner of the system or network; (iii) interference with service to any end user, host or network including, without limitation, mailbombing, flooding, deliberate attempts to overload a system and broadcast attacks; and (iv) forging of any TCP-IP packet header or any part of the header information in an email or a newsgroup posting. We will investigate incidents involving such violations and may involve and will cooperate with law enforcement if a criminal violation is suspected.
If you have any questions or comments regarding this AUP, please email us at : legal@tritondigital.com. Complaints regarding illegal use of the Triton Digital Services or any relating issue should be sent to complaints@tritondigital.com. Complaints regarding allegations of copyright violations in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (DMCA) should be sent to copyright@tritondigital.com. For details on our Copyright Policy, please refer to our Copyright Policy reproduced here: https://www.tritondigital.com/copyright-policy.
3. Invalid Traffic
Triton treats invalid traffic very seriously to protect the end users, the publishers and the advertisers on Triton’s network. The integrity of this ecosystem necessitates certain protective measures in order to ensure a certain traffic quality and completeness.  If we suspect or reasonably determine that your use of Triton Digital Services causes or otherwise allows invalid traffic, for whatever reason, Triton will put in motion an escalation plan to eliminate any risk related to non-genuine or deceptive practices causing a threat to the accuracy of its data.
In this AUP, “IVT” shall mean any traffic that Service Provider determines does not represent legitimate traffic, does not meet certain quality or completeness criteria, and/or is considered invalid traffic by the most current industry standards and practices.
If we suspect IVT through your use of Triton Digital Services, we may, immediately and without notice, suspend all or part of Triton Digital Services affected by IVT, for an indefinite duration.
Causing or failing to prevent invalid traffic on Triton’s network may also result in the termination without notice of all or part of Triton Digital Services, at Triton Digital’s sole discretion.  You will not be entitled to any revenues generated from advertisements from the date of suspension and/or termination, and until Triton Digital Service(s) is/are resumed, as the case may be and you acknowledge that Triton shall only be liable to pay revenues generated from valid Impressions. You understand and agree that Triton reserves the right to adjust or withhold payment to exclude any revenues arising from IVT.
During the suspension period, Triton Digital may also undertake further IVT analysis (“IVT Analysis”), which may be conducted by Triton and/or in cooperation with its third-party service providers, without notice. Any IVT Analysis undertaken by Service Provider will be charged to you based on (i) the time spent by Triton in conducting the IVT Analysis; and (ii) the number of Impressions subject to the IVT Analysis, at a rate communicated by Triton Digital in writing or as may be set out in the Terms.
If you feel that the suspension or termination of all or part of the Triton Digital Services affected by IVT was wrongfully made, and if you can ascertain in good faith that the invalid traffic was not knowingly caused from acts or omissions of you or from those you are responsible for, Triton will work with you to resolve any issues related to such IVT. You understand that the Services may only be reinstated when we can reasonably determine that you have put in place sufficient measures to ensure legitimate traffic on your site.
If you have any questions or comments regarding this AUP, please email us at: legal@tritondigital.com. Complaints regarding illegal use of the Triton Digital Services or any relating issue should be sent to complaints@tritondigital.com. Complaints regarding allegations of copyright violations in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (DMCA) should be sent to copyright@tritondigital.com. For details on our Copyright Policy, please refer to our Copyright Policy reproduced here: https://www.tritondigital.com/copyright-policy.
Triton
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website, and also allows us to improve our site. By continuing you accept the use of these cookies.
Dismiss
Receive News & Updates from Triton
Subscribe to Monthly Rankers
Schedule a Meeting
Request a Demo
Request a Call to Learn More
Start Podcasting Today
Talk to Sales
Request Access
Talk to Sales
Request a Demo
Talk to Sales
Request a Demo
Contact Triton Digital
Subscribe to Podcast Reports
Learn More about Podcast Reports