Log in
简体中文
US Dollar
Euro
British Pound
Home
Products
CSR Software
CSR-H Software
Links
Rule Updates
IACS
CSRS Canada
My account
Contact Us
Acceptable Use Policy
This acceptable use policy sets out the terms between you and us (“us”, “our” and “we” refer to Common Structural Rules Software LLC) under which you may access our website www.commonstructuralrulessoftware.com (our site). This acceptable use policy applies to all users of, and visitors to, our site.
Your use of our site means that you accept, and agree to abide by, all the policies in this acceptable use policy, which supplement our terms of website use.
www.commonstructuralrulessoftware.com is a site operated by Common Structural Rules Software LLC incorporated and registered in the State of Delaware, US with Authentication Number 7873925 and File Number 4800107 whose registered office is at Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, New Castle, Delaware 19801, US. Our correspondence address is:
Common Structural Rules Software LLC
ABS Plaza
16855 Northchase Drive
Houston, TX 77060
USA
For the attention of: CEO
E-mail: support@csrules.com
Our EIN/Tax Payer ID is 45-1764272.
PROHIBITED USES
You agree to use our site only for lawful purposes. You may not use our site:
In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.
In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.
For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).
To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
You also agree:
Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our site in contravention of the provisions of our our terms of website use.
Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
any part of our site;
any equipment or network on which our site is stored;
any software used in the provision of our site; or
any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
SUSPENSION AND TERMINATION
We will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of this acceptable use policy through your use of our site. When a breach of this policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.
Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of the our terms of  use  upon which you are permitted to use our site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site.
Issue of a warning to you.
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.
Further legal action against you.
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy. The responses described in this policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
CHANGES TO THE ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
We may revise this acceptable use policy at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are legally binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in this acceptable use policy may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
Product
CSR Software
Highlights
Modules
Licensing
Training
Next Event
Company
Mission Statement
News And Events
Copyright © Common Structural Rules Software LLC. 2023. All Rights Reserved.
Acceptable Use Policy
|
Privacy
|
Terms Of Use
Designed by DG3 Europe Ltd.