COVID-19 Update:
We have made preparations and updated our operations for COVID-19. Learn more about how these updates impact you.                                    Click to learn more »
Skip to Content
Acceptable Use Policy
VGM Forbin and its affiliates provide to business and consumer users several information technology related services, including such services as Internet access, various electronic mail (e-mail) packages and services, World Wide Web hosting arrangements, server co-location and other online and Internet-related services.It is contrary to VGM Forbin policy for any user of any of these services to effect or participate in any of the following activities through a VGM Forbin-provided service:To post ten (10) or more messages similar in content to Usenet or other newsgroups, forums, e-mail mailing lists or other similar groups or lists;To post to any Usenet or other newsgroup, forum, e-mail mailing list or other similar group or list articles which are off-topic according to the charter or other owner-published FAQ or description of the group or list;To send unsolicited e-mailings to more than twenty-five (25) e-mail users, if such unsolicited e-mailings could reasonably be expected to provoke complaints;To falsify user information provided to VGM Forbin or to other users of the service in connection with use of an VGM Forbin service; andTo engage in any of the foregoing activities by using the service of another provider, but channeling such activities through an VGM Forbin account, re-mailer, or otherwise through an VGM Forbin service or using an VGM Forbin account as a mail-drop for responses or otherwise using the services of another provider for the purpose of facilitating the foregoing activities if such use of another party's service could reasonably be expected to adversely affect an VGM Forbin service.To use VGM Forbin services for illegal activities and activities harmful to others computers, data, software or networks including but not limited to hacker activities, virus creation and distribution, denial of services attacks, e-mail bombs etc.To use VGM Forbin services to post the following on the Internet     7.1. Copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other intellectual property infringement, including but not limited to offering pirated computer programs or links to such programs, serial or registration numbers for software programs, copyrighted music, copyrighted images; copyrighted texts etc. 7.2. Displaying material that exploits children under 18 years of age; 7.3. Displaying material containing nudity or pornographic material of any kind 7.4. Providing material that is offensive to the Online community, including but not limited to profanity, bigotry, prejudice, racism, hatred, etc. 7.5. Promoting or providing information about illegal activities, promoting physical harm or injury against any group or individual, or promoting any act of cruelty to animals; 7.6. Defaming any person or group; 7.7. Promoting or soliciting for participation in multilevel marketing or pyramid schemes. 7.8. Gathering personally identifiable information for unlawful purposes.
Help
Close
What can we help you with?
Help Search Form
Help Search
Top Suggestions
I'd like information about a new website for my business.
I want to schedule a demo of VGM Forbin's products.
I want to learn more about Forbin's social media services.
(877) 814-7485
Online Bill Pay
Contact Us
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. You can adjust your cookie settings at any time if you wish.
Allow Cookies