Skip to content
TelephoneCall us on 03300 940 122
Search for:
Secondary MenuRequest a Brochure
Book a Demo
Refer a Friend
PASS Login
Huge efficiency gains delivered.
More time to care.
More care delivered by the same workforce.
Assessments & care plans completed in the field.
8 to 10-fold return on investment regularly reported.
Increased business growth.
Warranted system functionality.
GDPR compliant.
Corporate risks reduced.
Rapid 4-6 week deployment.
Interoperable with any mainstream rostering system.
Client and family engagement transformed.
Accidents & incidents managed.
Data-driven decisions help to personalise care.
Regulatory compliance ensured.
Acceptable Use Policy
V1.0
This acceptable use policy sets out the terms between you and us under which you may access our website www.everylifetechnologies.com (our site). This acceptable use policy applies to all users of, and visitors to, our site.
Your use of our site means that you accept, and agree to abide by, all the policies in this acceptable use policy, which supplement our terms of website use www.everylifetechnologies.com/terms-of-use.
www.everylifetechnologies.com is a site operated by everyLIFE Technologies Limited (“everyLIFE” and “We”). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 09233570, and have our registered office at A1 First Floor, East Wing, Cody Technology Park, Ively Road, Farnborough, Surrey GU14 0LX. Our main trading address is A1 First Floor, East Wing, Cody Technology Park, Ively Road, Farnborough, Surrey GU14 0LX.
Prohibited uses
You may use our site only for lawful purposes. You may not use our site:
In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.
In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.
For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards referred to below.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).
To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
You also agree:
Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our site in contravention of the provisions of our terms of website use everylifetechnologies.com/terms-of-use.
Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
any part of our site;
any equipment or network on which our site is stored;
any software used in the provision of our site; or
any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
Interactive services
We may from time to time provide interactive services on our site, including, without limitation chat rooms and/or bulletin boards (interactive services).
Where we do provide any interactive service, we will provide clear information to you about the kind of service offered, if it is moderated and what form of moderation is used (including whether it is human or technical).
We will do our best to assess any possible risks for users (and in particular, for children) from third parties when they use any interactive service provided on our site, and we will decide in each case whether it is appropriate to use moderation of the relevant service (including what kind of moderation to use) in the light of those risks. However, we are under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any interactive service we provide on our site, and we expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any interactive service by a user in contravention of our content standards, whether the service is moderated or not.
The use of any of our interactive services by a minor is subject to the consent of their parent or guardian. We advise parents who permit their children to use an interactive service that it is important that they communicate with their children about their safety online, as moderation is not foolproof. Minors who are using any interactive service should be made aware of the potential risks to them.
Where we do moderate an interactive service, we will normally provide you with a means of contacting the moderator, should a concern or difficulty arise.
Content standards
These content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to our site (contributions), and to any interactive services associated with it.
You must comply with the spirit and the letter of the following standards. The standards apply to each part of any contribution as well as to its whole.
Contributions must:
Be accurate (where they state facts).
Be genuinely held (where they state opinions).
Comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted.
Contributions must not:
Contain any material which is defamatory of any person.
Contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory.
Promote sexually explicit material.
Promote violence.
Promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
Infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person.
Be likely to deceive any person.
Be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence.
Promote any illegal activity.
Be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.
Be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.
Be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person.
Give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case.
Advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
Suspension and termination
We will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of this acceptable use policy through your use of our site. When a breach of this policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.
Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of the terms of use www.everylifetechnologies.com/terms-of-use upon which you are permitted to use our site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site.
Immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to our site.
Issue of a warning to you.
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.
Further legal action against you.
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy. The responses described in this policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
Changes to the acceptable use policy
We may revise this acceptable use policy at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are legally binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in this acceptable use policy may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
PASS has proved completely intuitive to use, even for the least technical care assistant – a revelation.
Care ManagerHomecare ServicesRushmoor and Surrey Heath
My Supervisors no longer spend 65% of their time in the office typing up notes taken at assessment meetings – they do it once with the customer, and get it right from the outset. My Supervisors now spend 90% of their time out in the community – better care, improved support for care workers, and more assessments.
Care SupervisorChichester
We saw the service had made improved use of information through the implementation of PASS for assessing the quality of the service provided, including the consistency of care provided to individuals. PASS has the potential to provide the service with a greater range of information which can be utilised for Quality Assurance. This will include outcomes and tasks completed and missed. Operational statistics will include reviews and staff supervision as well as analysis of nutritional and hydration information entered by staff.
InspectorCare Inspectorate
The system reduces the time and cost of setting up care plans for patients going home from hospital by 50%. This has delivered a £20K saving to my bottom line.
Jane PerryOwnerBluebird CareEdinburgh
By listening carefully to the care industry, everyLIFE have developed a solution that greatly helps join up the provision of customer-centred care. They are on a mission to bring the much needed technical answers to the business challenges we are all facing. I very much look forward to seeing the new functionality they have in the next release and beyond.
Simon CarterMelody CareFarnham
I implemented PASS in three weeks and my customers are already seeing the benefits in quality of care.
Carolyn DaileyOwnerBluebird CareNewmarket and Fenland
It’s easy to use and with the training provided, all staff like the system. Any office implementing it will save a substantial amount of supervisor time.
Kristina BurbridgeBluebird CareWorthing
The whole process from initial enquiry to going live was quick, efficient and easy and the support we received from the team at everyLIFE was second to none. I would recommend PASS to any care company.
Mitchell JohnsonRapid Response Medical GroupCannock
A really important advance for care, PASS provides care notes and completion notes instantly so we can react immediately to missed medications and other urgent care alerts.
Tracie ScholesChoice CareBlackburn
Easy to use, extensively tested and developed by people that understand care, PASS is unique and robust at solving the critical challenges faced by the industry.
Kirsty JamesAttentive Care ExpertsBradford
Call to ActionThe time to go digital is NOW!
Find out more about PASS, the real-time living care plan for everyone. Reassuringly, repeatedly referenced by the CQC and Care Inspectorate, NHS cited and NICE compliant.
Call 03300 940 122 or simply fill in the form opposite to request a digital brochure, personal demo or a call back and we’ll be in touch shortly.
Please watch this video to find out how owners Gary and Michelle Johnson have transformed their care business by using PASS.
Now, with the launch of the PASS 20:20 Edition in 2019, you don’t have to settle for reporting when you can have INSIGHT Dashboards that provide you with real-time monitoring of your business. Visit our PASS 20:20 Edition page to find out more. Saving money, creating happiness.Footer Form
Notice: JavaScript is required for this content.
Contact Us
HomeCOVID-19 Support FeaturesAbout Us▼About UsPeopleCareersNewsReferralSectors▼Sectors We ServeHomecare / ReablementResidential CareFamilyCommissioners & Complementary Care ServicesProducts▼SCIE EvaluationOur ProductsPASSopenPASSMobilesCompliance▼ComplianceInspection-Ready ChecklistSecurity InformationBlog▼BlogCase StudiesWebinarsContact Us