Epic Online Services Acceptable Use Policy
At Epic, we believe that all developers using Epic Online Services should have a positive experience and have put certain restrictions in place to ensure that. As violations of our restrictions may result in suspending your use of the services, we understand that clarity of our intent is vital to your confidence in using our services. The following guidelines on acceptable use are not intended to add additional restrictions, but instead provide more detail and clarifications on the terms in the EULA. We also intend to provide transparency in the management and enforcement of these restrictions.
The examples in this document are not exhaustive and we may modify this document from time to time to provide further information and examples of usage we may consider inappropriate.  Please check this document if you are not certain if your usage is inline with the terms of the EULA or ask us to clarify.
Only use in a video game
The SDK and services may only be used with interactive video game software for entertainment purposes. Video Games shall not include any gambling-related products as defined by law in the jurisdiction of use.  If you have any questions on whether or not your software would be considered a video game, please ask us.
Use via the SDK with provided credentials
You are only allowed to access the Services through the SDK, the Developer Portal, or means as otherwise expressly authorized by Epic.  Our technical documentation will call out any public endpoints such as web APIs and dashboards you are allowed to use outside of the SDK.
When using the SDK or accessing the services, you may only use your own product identifiers, that Epic will provide, and may not share those identifiers with anyone else.
Use as intended
You are expected to use the SDK and services according to our technical documentation (dev.epicgames.com/docs).  The services are being delivered with built-in technical limitations that are intended to prevent DDOS attacks and abuse and are intended to be sufficient for proper use. You may not attempt to circumvent such limitations or security measures of the services.
You may not use the SDK or Services in any manner that could disable, overburden, or impair any of our servers, whether intentional or otherwise.  While our services have been designed to achieve high availability and scale with regular usage, in the event that your use of the SDK or services overloads or breaks the services, we may temporarily disable your use of the services in order to prevent impairment to others’ use of the services.
Reporting abuse
If you believe someone is violating the Epic’s acceptable use policies, please let us know by contacting us. We will triage the claim and determine whether it warrants further investigation, termination of the services, and/or removal of content.
In critical abuse situations, we may escalate actions or imminent threats of serious harm to law enforcement.