Soporte Acceso al sistema del cliente
English (United States)
French (France)
Spanish (Spain)
Política de Uso Adecuado
Except as expressly provided in this Schedule C, all terms and expressions used in this Schedule C have the same meaning as defined in the Agreement.This Acceptable Use Policy which forms part of the Terms and Conditions of Services specifies the actions prohibited by Service Provider to users of the Service Provider Services and Network. Service Provider reserves the right to modify the Policy at any time by resending the changes to the Client or by posting the modified Policy on its website.
1. Client’s Obligations
Client shall be solely responsible for the use of the Service Provider Services and Network by its Representatives or customers, End User or any other person or entity Client permits to access the Services or Network, and shall take all reasonable measures required to ensure that such persons use the services in accordance with the conditions of this agreement. Client shall be solely responsible for any and all media property, information, data, log file, file, image, video or any other type of content of any type or form that is posted, stored or displayed on Service Provider’s Network. Shall Client Content originate in whole or in part from Client’ End Users (i.e. User Generated Content), Client shall enter into an agreement with each of such End User sufficient to comply with the terms herein.
2. Client Content
Client Content and Client Sites shall at all time comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations.  Client Content and Client Sites shall not contain material that:
(i)  infringes the intellectual property rights of others  or is pirated material (including but not limited to unauthorized copies, public performances or derivative versions of software, films, television programs, music, books, electronic games or other categories of protected works),
(ii)  induces, facilitates, promotes or enables financial benefit from such infringement (e.g. P2P/BitTorrent/MP3 tracking and indexing sites, “linking” or “leeching” sites, ROMs, “warez”, emulators, hacks, “phreaks,” “cracks,” or ripping software for illegally circumventing DRM or other copy protection devices);
(iii)  promotes or facilitates illegal activities, deceptive practices or violations of the privacy rights of others;   (iv)  promotes or facilitates activities generally regarded as Internet abuse, including but not limited to, the use or delivery of viruses, Spyware or other malware or
(v)  relates to violence, sex, profanity, racism, sexism, religion, gambling, pornography, abortion, or any other highly explosive subject matter or subject matter which reflects negatively on Service Provider or a Buyer; provided, that, without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing, in no event shall Client’s Sites or other properties be listed at the following URL: http://goo.gl/vVNZC.
Client shall, at its own expense, comply with all laws, regulations and other legal requirements that apply to it in conjunction with its use of Service Provider Services.
3. System and Network Security
Client shall not violate or tamper with the system or security of Service Provider’s Network. Examples of system or security violations include, without limitation, the following: (i) unauthorized access to or use of data, systems or networks, including any attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without express authorization of the owner of the system or network; (ii) unauthorized monitoring of data or traffic on any network or system without express authorization of the owner of the system or network; (iii) interference with service to any user, host or network including, without limitation, mailbombing, flooding, deliberate attempts to overload a system and broadcast attacks; and (iv) forging of any TCP-IP packet header or any part of the header information in an email or a newsgroup posting. Service Provider’s will investigate incidents involving such violations and may involve and will cooperate with law enforcement if a criminal violation is suspected.Complaints regarding illegal use of the Service Provider’s Services and Network or any relating issue should be sent to complaints@tritondigital.com.
4. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Triton Digital neither has nor controls material or content which is posted, stored or displayed on its Network and does not censor or monitor the use of the Services by Client, its employees, directors, officers, representatives, customers, end-users or any other person or entity Client permits to access the Services or Network. TRITON DIGITAL DECLINES ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIM OR LOSS ARISING FROM ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE TRITON DIGITAL SERVICES AND NETWORK, AND FOR ANY MATERIAL OR CONTENT WHICH IS POSTED, STORED OR DISPLAYED ON ITS NETWORK.
5. Default
Triton Digital reserves the right, without prior notice, to suspend Client’s use of Services (or remove any material) if Triton Digital in its sole discretion believes Client is using the Services in violation with this Acceptable Use Policy. In such case, Triton Digital may also terminate the Agreement in accordance with Section 6.2 of the Agreement.Complaints regarding illegal use of the Triton Digital Services and Network or any relating issue should be sent to legal@tritondigital.com.