Thinking about selling online?
Build your eCommerce Site with Web.com
iPage's Acceptable Use Policy (AUP)
Terms Home
User Agreement
Acceptable Use Policy
Domain Registration Agreement
Domain Registration Reseller Agreement
Anti-Spam Policy
Privacy Notice
Trademark Disputes for Domain Names
Data Request Policy
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Microsoft Customer Agreements
Professional Services Agreement
Affiliate Agreement
Referral Program Agreements
Report Member Violations
This Acceptable Use Policy ("AUP") governs your use of the Services and is incorporated by reference into iPage's Terms of Service. Unless otherwise stated, defined terms in this AUP have the meanings provided to them in the Terms of Service. iPage may modify this AUP at any time without notice.
You shall use the Services only for lawful purposes. Transmission, storage, or display of any information, data, or material in violation of applicable laws or regulations, including without limitation the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, is prohibited. iPage reserves the right to terminate the Services for any Customer that exposes iPage to legal liability or threatens its ability to provide services to other customers.  You agree to indemnify and hold iPage harmless from any claims resulting from your use of the Services.
Quick Links
Prohibited Uses
You may not use the Services to publish content or engage in activity that is harmful to others or illegal under applicable law. Any content that, in our judgment, violates our Terms of Service, including this AUP, in any manner may be removed from our servers (or otherwise disabled), with or without notice. Examples of prohibited content and activities can be found in this section.
Zero Tolerance Spam Policy
iPage maintains a zero tolerance policy for use of its network or services to send unsolicited bulk or commercial e-mail, or the sending, assisting, or commissioning the transmission of commercial e-mail that does not comply with the U.S. CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 ("SPAM"). Please review this section to avoid action under our AUP.
Defamation and Objectionable Content
iPage respects that the Internet provides a forum for free and open discussion and dissemination of information.  Accordingly, we generally do not screen, monitor or control customer content.  However, if we are made aware of content that violates the law or this AUP, we will consider the matter and take appropriate action as determined in our sole discretion balancing the merits of the complaint with the right to freedom of expression.
Enforcement
iPage may terminate your Services with or without notice upon any violation of this AUP.  This section describes how iPage may enforce this AUP.
Reporting AUP Violations
If you feel you have discovered a violation of our AUP, please review this section to learn about our reporting procedures.
Prohibited Uses:
No Illegal or Harmful Use - You may not use the Services to publish content or engage in activity that is harmful to others or illegal under applicable law, including without limitation in connection with any of the following illegal, harmful or fraudulent activities:
Disclosing private sensitive personal information about others;
Distributing malware or other malicious code;
Engaging in the unlawful distribution of controlled substances and drug contraband;
Engaging in the unlawful distribution of prescription medications, including, but not limited to, promotion, marketing, or sale of prescription medications without a valid prescription;
Gambling;
Hosting, distributing or linking to child sexual abuse material (CSAM) or content that is harmful to minors (CSAM will be suspended immediately without notice and reported to law enforcement or the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children);
Hosting FOREX, E-Gold Exchange, Second Life/Linden Exchange, Ponzi, MLM/Pyramid Scheme, High-Yield Interest Programs (HYIP) or related sites;
Hosting or linking to a website intended to deceive the public including, but not limited to sites listed at aa419.org & escrow-fraud.com;
Hosting or linking to an anonymous proxy server;
Infringing upon the Intellectual Property Rights of Others. This includes, but is not limited to, the unauthorized copying or distribution of movies, music, books, photographs, software/warez, or any other copyrighted work. If you believe that your intellectual property rights are being infringed upon, please notify iPage by completing the Report Member Violations form, or emailing us at compliance@ipage-inc.com;
Money laundering;
Phishing or engaging in identity theft;
Selling weapons or ammunition;
No Unauthorized System Access or Network Abuse - You may not use the Services to gain access into any network or system without permission. Prohibited activities include:
Accessing another network without permission, to probe or scan for vulnerabilities or breach security or authentication measures;
Attacking other networks (i.e. Denial of Service (DoS) attacks);
Intercepting or monitoring data without permission;
Running a file sharing site;
Running any software that interfaces with an IRC (Internet Relay Chat) network;
Using any deep-link, page-scrape, robot, crawl, index, spider, offline reader, click spam, macro programs, internet agent, or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology which does the same things, to use, access, copy, index, acquire information, generate impressions or clicks, input information, store information, search, generate searches, or monitor any portion of the iPage's website or servers for any unauthorized purpose;
Don't Hamper System Performance - Consuming excessive amount of server resources is prohibited. This leads to server performance issues and may cause a disruption to our systems or other customers. Use of any scripts or processes that may adversely impact our systems is prohibited.
No Adult Content - You may not use the Services to distribute pornography or other adult-related content or offer any escort services.
No Storage of Backups - Backing up personal data to a hosting account is prohibited. Our Services are designed to host your web site, not serve as a data repository. iPage reserves the right to remove backups from your hosting account.
Zero Tolerance Spam Policy
You may not use the Services to send spam or bulk unsolicited messages. iPage maintains a zero tolerance policy for use of its network or services in any manner associated with the transmission, distribution or delivery of any bulk e-mail, including unsolicited bulk or unsolicited commercial e-mail, or the sending, assisting, or commissioning the transmission of commercial e-mail that does not comply with the U.S. CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 ("SPAM").
"Safe lists," purchased lists, and selling of lists will be treated as SPAM. We may terminate the account of any User who sends out SPAM with or without notice.
Websites advertised via SPAM (i.e. Spamvertised) may not be hosted on our servers. This provision includes, but is not limited to, SPAM sent via fax, phone, postal mail, email, instant messaging, or usenet/newsgroups. No organization or entity listed in the ROKSO may use our Services. Any User account which results in our IP space being blacklisted will be immediately suspended and/or terminated.
Please familiarize yourself with the CAN-SPAM Act.  Information about the CAN-SPAM Act may be found by accessing the following link: https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/guidance/can-spam-act-compliance-guide-business
Defamation and Objectionable Content
iPage values the freedom of expression and encourages Users to be respectful with the content they post.  As a webhost, iPage is not a publisher of User content and is generally not in a position to investigate the veracity of individual defamation claims or to determine whether certain material, which iPage may find objectionable, should be censored.  Accordingly, iPage generally requires a court order from a court of competent jurisdiction, as determined by iPage in its sole discretion, to take down alleged defamatory or objectionable content.  However, iPage reserves the right to disable or remove any content to prevent harm to others or to iPage, as determined in iPage's sole discretion.
Enforcement
Resellers.
If there is a violation of this AUP by a User of a Reseller, iPage will suspend the account in question and notify the Reseller so that the Reseller can address the matter with the User. The occurrence of additional violations on a User account may result in the immediate suspensions or termination of your Reseller account.
Direct customers.
Your Services may be terminated with or without notice upon any violation of this AUP.
If applicable, violations will be reported to the appropriate law enforcement agency.
A failure to respond to an email from our compliance team within forty-eight (48) hours, or as otherwise specified in the email, may result in the suspension or termination of your Services.
We reserve the right to enforce, or not enforce, this AUP in our sole discretion.
Reporting violations of this AUP. If you feel you have discovered a violation of our AUP please complete the Report Member Violations form, or email us at compliance@ipage-inc.com
This file was last modified on August 25, 2020.
Unlimited disk space
There is no cap on the disk space we provide to deliver the content of your website. As long as you are fully compliant with our Terms of Service and utilize storage for the normal operation of your iPage website, you will have access to unlimited space.
Please keep in mind that in a few cases, we have had to work with customers to reduce the number of files they are using. Typically, these file counts are in the tens of thousands, and we've been able to help our customers manage them effectively.
Unlimited email addresses
If your plan offers unlimited email addresses, you can create as many mailboxes (i.e., POP/IMAP accounts) as you'd like. Each individual mailbox has a storage capacity of 500MB or 10,000 email messages, whichever comes first.
Let's Get Started!
Create an account
Add to my existing account
MySQL
MySQL is most commonly used for web and embedded applications and has become a popular alternative to proprietary database systems due to its speed and reliability. iPage provides customers with MySQL database and phpMyAdmin interfaces.
MySQL is a free open source database management system; more information can be found at http://www.mysql.com.
Scalable
We have no set limits when it comes to bandwidth — which is the amount of traffic and data that flows between your website and the rest of the internet — and our architecture was built to support more than 99.5% of our customers' bandwidth demands.
Because we offer what is known as a shared architecture, our customers share both the hardware and the "pipes" we use to transmit data across the web, so we do monitor bandwidth to ensure optimum performance for our customers. Again, we are able to support more than 99.5% of customers with no issues at all. However, in some wonderful cases, customers become so successful that their traffic and data transfer outgrow our shared architecture. When that happens, we work with the customer to identify scalable solutions, such as our Virtual Private Servers.
30-day money-back guarantee
If you're not satisfied with iPage, we'll give you your money back. No questions asked. During the first 30 days, we'll refund your hosting fees in full.
Customer Satisfaction at iPageYour satisfaction is our top priority, and we're confident that you'll be pleased with our services:
how easy it is to set up a website
friendly, 24x7 chat support
SiteLock's state-of-the-art security suite
Still, if you try us and decide that iPage just isn't for you, we think you should get your money back.
What Happens to Your DomainIf you register a domain through iPage, please note there is a non-refundable $15 domain fee. This fee not only covers our own costs, but it ensures that, even if you're dissatisfied with your experience at iPage, you won't lose your domain name. You'll be free to transfer it or simply point it elsewhere.
Please note: The 30-day money-back guarantee applies to our hosting plans; it does not apply to most add-on services, such as domains, as mentioned above.
Free Domain Registration
Free domain registration is for qualified plans only, it is free for one year and renews at the regular rate at the end of your term. If you register a free domain through us and wish to cancel your account, there is a nonrefundable $15.00 domain fee if you would like to keep your domain. This not only covers our costs, but ensures that you won't lose your domain name. Regardless of the status of your hosting service, you'll be free to manage it, transfer it after any required lock periods, or simply point it elsewhere at your convenience. You retain ownership of your domain until the end of its registration period unless you elect to extend it.
Share with friends
Thank you for sharing with a friend. Help us personalize this email for you by providing the following information:
Friend's email address*
Friend's name*
Your account username*
Share on Twitter
Thank you for sharing on Twitter. Help us personalize your tweet by providing the following information:
Your hosting account username*
Referral information field
Be sure your referral enters your username or domain in the "Friend or website who referred you" field during the last step of their account setup.
$100 Google Ads Offer
No matter what your budget is or how little time you have, you can reach new customers and grow your business using Google Ads. See results and gain new customers in minutes!
Benefits of Ads
Effective: Show your ad to people at the precise moment they are searching for what you have to offer
Measurable: See exactly what you're getting for your money
Flexible: Change, pause or stop your ad at any time to suit your business
No Risk: You only pay when prospective customers click on your ad to get more information
To help you get started, iPage web hosting plans include a $100 bonus — when you spend $25 on Google Ads, you'll get $100 in additional advertising.
Protect Your Identity with
Domain Privacy + Protection
Stop solicitors from getting your private information from the iCANN registry. Let Domain Privacy + Protection mask your private information.
With Domain Privacy + Protection
contactprivacy.com
yourdomain@contactprivacy.com
96 Monet Ave
Toronto, ON M6K 3M1 CA
+1-854-895-6985
Without Domain Privacy + Protection
Lillian Casey
leif_schmitt@hotmail.com
23 Krajcik Meadows
South Leonie, CA 93101
854-658-6698
The browser version you are using is no longer supported. Please upgrade for the best site experience.
Thanks for visiting! Since you landed on this page of our website, we wanted to let you know you visited one of our paid endorsers while researching your purchase. close