Acceptable use policy
This acceptable use policy sets out the terms between you and us under which you may access our websites www.bonddata.org, www.environmental-finance.com, www.insuranceerm.com, www.insuranceassetrisk.com, www.insuranceriskdata.com, www.corporatedisclosures.org and www.fieldgibsonmedia.com (our Websites). This acceptable use policy applies to all users of, and visitors to, our Websites.
The Websites are operated and owned by Field Gibson Media Limited (trading as "Field Gibson Media"). The expressions "us", "we" and "our" refer to the owner of the Websites. We are private limited company registered in England and Wales under company number 02516864. Our registered office is at Pentagon House, 52-54 Southwark Street, London, SE1 1UN. Our VAT number is 947181208. We are registered with the Information Commissioner's Office company number ZA098022.
Field Gibson Media services and products provide news, analysis and data. Field Gibson Media offerings are copyrighted, and all rights are reserved unless otherwise stated. Copyright © Field Gibson Media Ltd.
Our goal is to match your needs with the appropriate permission. We encourage you to engage in conversations with our account management team to ensure compliance within your organization and protect your company from risk of penalties.
Your use of any of our Websites means that you accept, and agree to abide by, all the policies in this acceptable use policy. By using our Websites, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them.
If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our Websites.
We recommend that you print a copy of these terms for future reference.
There are other terms that may also apply to you and your use of our sites. These include;
Our Website Terms & Conditions.
Our Privacy Policy, which sets out how we collect, use and protect your personal data.
Our Cookie Policy, which sets out information about the cookies on our Websites.
If you are a business user and you wish to purchase a subscription to access our content or attend one of our events then our Subscription and Event Terms will apply.
An individual subscription to a Field Gibson Media service or product provides a licence for only one person to use it. Photocopying, sharing access by email, forwarding, scanning and saving on an intranet or server accessible by others, sharing your Website(s) access user name/password, or otherwise sharing the content of a Field Gibson Media service or product is strictly prohibited (unless expressly authorised by us in writing in advance) and violates the copyright law of the nation where the infringing conduct occurs.
Permitted uses
You as the named subscriber on the account are permitted to access the Website(s) that you subscribe to for as long as or as often as you wish using your assigned personal user name and password throughout the duration of your subscription licence.
You may print or save electronically content for your individual use (but may not share it with others).
You may occasionally send a copy of an article from the Website(s) using the embedded distribution service of twitter, linked-in or facebook or the e-mail button.
You may circulate to others the quarterly magazine that comes as part of your Field Gibson Media subscription package (but you may not copy/scan it).
You may discuss your additional specific information needs with us, and we can tailor an appropriate licence package to allow compliance for everyone who wishes to access and/or use the information Field Gibson Media offers. For more information, please email info@fieldgibsonmedia.com.
Prohibited uses
You may use our Websites only for lawful purposes. You may not use our Websites:
In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.
In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards as set out below and in our Website Terms & Conditions.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).
To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
You also agree:
Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our Websites in contravention of the provisions of our terms of supply as set out in our Website Terms & Conditions.
Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
any part of any of our Websites;
any equipment or network on which our Websites are stored;
any software used in the provision of our Websites; or
any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
More specifically, you may not:
copy or forward an entire article from any of our Websites without using one of our embedded distribution methods;
set-up access permitting multiple people to read one of our Websites by giving shared access to an email address, saving the files on a network where multiple people can access them, posting the file on an intranet, or by any other means;
routinely copy and distribute portions of Field Gibson Media content, including the daily email received by subscribers;
share your username and password that is used to access non-public material on one of our Websites. The username and password may be used only by the person named on the subscription account or their secretary, personal assistant or executive assistant; or
republish or repackage Field Gibson Media content into reports or presentations without seeking prior written consent from Field Gibson Media.
Interactive services
We may from time to time provide interactive services on our Websites, including, without limitation:
chat rooms;
bulletin boards;
comments; or
polls
Where we do provide any interactive services, we will provide clear information to you about the kind of service offered, if it is moderated and what form of moderation is used (including whether it is human or technical).
We will do our best to assess any possible risks for users from third parties when they use any interactive service provided on our Websites, however, we are under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any interactive service we provide on our Websites, and we expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any interactive service by a user in contravention of our content standards, whether the service is moderated or not.
Where we do moderate an interactive service, we will normally provide you with a means of contacting the moderator, should a concern or difficulty arise.
Content standards
These content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to one of our Websites (contributions), and to any interactive services associated with it. You must comply with the spirit and the letter of the following standards. The standards apply to each part of any contribution as well as to its whole.
Contributions must:
Be accurate (where they state facts).
Be genuinely held (where they state opinions).
Comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted.
Contributions must not:
Contain any material which is defamatory of any person.
Contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory.
Promote sexually explicit material.
Promote violence.
Promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
Infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person.
Be likely to deceive any person.
Be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence.
Promote any illegal activity.
Be threatening, abuse or invade another's privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.
Be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.
Be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person.
Give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case.
Advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
Suspension and termination
We will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of this acceptable use policy through your use of our Websites. When a breach of this policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.
ailure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of the Website Terms & Conditions upon which you are permitted to use our Websites, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use any of our Websites.
Immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to any of our Websites.
Issue of a warning to you.
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.
Further legal action against you.
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy. The responses described in this policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
Changes to the acceptable use policy
We may revise this acceptable use policy at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are legally binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in this acceptable use policy may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site. This Acceptable Use Policy was last updated on 14 May 2021.