Skip to main content
Network
Log in TraceLink Classic app.tracelink.com
Legal And Trust
Back
Acceptable Use Policy
General
This Acceptable Use Policy (this “Policy”) describes prohibited uses of all services offered by TraceLink, Inc. and its affiliates (the “Services”) through the website and/or secure logins located at http://www.tracelink.com/ and all associated sites (the “TraceLink Site”), including without limitation any forums or services available to network members. The examples described in this Policy are not exhaustive. We may modify this Policy at any time by posting a revised version on the TraceLink Site. By using the Services or accessing the TraceLink Site, you agree to the latest version of this Policy. If you violate the Policy or authorize or help others to do so, we may suspend or terminate your use of the Services.
You are solely responsible for any material that you or your end users maintain, transmit, download, view, post, distribute, or otherwise access or make available using the Services. By using the Services, you represent that you own the content that you make available through TraceLink’s Services and all proprietary or intellectual property rights therein, or have the express written authorization from the owner to copy, use and display such content.
Prohibited Use of Services
A.  No Illegal, Harmful, or Offensive Use or Content
You may not use, encourage, promote, facilitate or instruct others to use, the Services or TraceLink Site for any illegal, harmful or offensive use, or to transmit, store, display, distribute or otherwise make available content that is illegal, harmful, or offensive. Prohibited activities or content include but are not limited to:
Illegal, Harmful or Fraudulent Activities. Any activities that are illegal, that violate the rights of others, or that may be harmful to others, our operations or reputation, including disseminating, promoting or facilitating child pornography, offering or disseminating fraudulent goods, services, schemes, or promotions, make-money-fast schemes, ponzi and pyramid schemes, phishing, or pharming.
Infringing Content. Content that infringes or misappropriates the intellectual property or proprietary rights of others.
Offensive Content. Content that is defamatory, obscene, abusive, invasive of privacy, or otherwise objectionable, including content that constitutes child pornography.
Harmful Content. Content or other computer technology that may damage, interfere with, surreptitiously intercept, or expropriate any system, program, or data, including viruses, malware, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, or cancelbots.
B.  No Security Violations or Network Abuse
You may not use the Services to violate the security or integrity of any network, computer or communications system, software application, or network or computing device (each, a “System”). Prohibited activities include but are not limited to:
Unauthorized Access. Accessing or using any System without permission, including attempting to probe, scan, penetrate, or test the vulnerability of a System or to breach any security or authentication measures used by a System.
Interception. Monitoring of data or traffic on a System without permission.
Falsification of Origin. Forging TCP-IP packet headers, e-mail headers, or any part of a message describing its origin or route. This prohibition does not include the use of aliases or anonymous remailers.
Benchmarking. Benchmarking, load testing or performance testing without written permission
Shared Accounts. Users must access the system using a unique user name and password to ensure actions are attributable to individual users in the audit trail per 21 CFR Part 11 and EU Annex 11 requirements. You or your users may not use shared accounts or shared passwords, and you are responsible for the accuracy and integrity of the data entered into the System or TraceLink Site.
C.  No Spam
You will not distribute, publish, send, or facilitate the sending of unsolicited mass email or other messages, promotions, advertising, or solicitations, like “spam”. You will not alter or obscure mail headers or assume a sender’s identity without the sender’s explicit permission. You will not collect replies to messages sent from another Internet service provider if those messages violate this Policy or the acceptable use policy of that provider.  All recipients in a TraceLink customer or user's contact list must have given provable consent, online or otherwise, to receive email communication and for the specific content being sent to them. You must abide by the following rules:
Email lists that were obtained by any means without consent are not allowed
All email and recipient lists must adhere to the CAN-SPAM laws, as well as to any local spam laws for your location or the location of your recipient lists
Email must abide by the rules outlined in this Policy
No third party unsubscribe methods are allowed
Our Monitoring and Enforcement
We reserve the right, but do not assume the obligation, to investigate any violation of this Policy or misuse of the Services or TraceLink Site. We may:
investigate violations of this Policy or misuse of the Services or TraceLink Site; or
remove, disable access to, or modify any content or resource that violates this Policy or any other agreement we have with you for use of the Services or the TraceLink Site.
We may report any activity that we suspect violates any law or regulation to appropriate law enforcement officials, regulators, or other appropriate third parties. Our reporting may include disclosing appropriate customer information. We also may cooperate with appropriate law enforcement agencies, regulators, or other appropriate third parties to help with the investigation and prosecution of illegal conduct by providing network and systems information related to alleged violations of this Policy.
Plugins and Integrations
You and your users utilizing TraceLink's available integrations and plugins must adhere to TraceLink's policies, as well as those of the third party system being integrated. If you are found to be violating TraceLink's or an integrated third party system's policy, your account will be subject to suspension or deletion.
Reporting of Violations of this Policy
If you become aware of any violation of this Policy, you will immediately notify us and provide us with assistance, as requested, to stop or remedy the violation. To report any violation of this Policy, please contact our Legal Department: legal@tracelink.com.