Website Acceptable Use Policy
Home › Website Acceptable Use Policy
1. About this policy
1.1 Together with our website terms and conditions of use this acceptable use policy (Policy) governs how you may access and use this website and all associated web pages (Site), which is provided by us free of charge.
1.2 You should read this Policy carefully before using the Site.
1.3 By accessing or using the Site or otherwise indicating your consent, you agree to be bound by this Policy, which supplements our website terms and conditions of use. If you do not agree with or accept any part of this Policy, you should stop using the Site immediately.
1.4 If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us using the contact details provided in our website terms and conditions of use.
1.5 In this Policy:
‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’ means Westcoast Limited trading as Data Select, company registration number 01816587, and our group companies from time to time; and
‘you’ or ‘your’ means the person accessing or using the Site or its content.
2. Acceptable use
We permit you to use the Site only for personal purposes and primarily for accessing information about us. Use of the Site in any other way, including any unacceptable use set out in this Policy, is not permitted.
3. Unacceptable use
3.1 As a condition of your use of the Site, you agree not to use the Site:
3.1.1 for any purpose that is unlawful under any applicable law or prohibited by this Policy or our website terms and conditions of use;
3.1.2 to commit any act of fraud;
3.1.3 to distribute viruses or malware or other similar harmful software code;
3.1.4 for purposes of promoting unsolicited advertising or sending spam;
3.1.5 to simulate communications from us or another service or entity in order to collect identity information, authentication credentials, or other information (‘phishing’);
3.1.6 in any manner that disrupts the operation of our Site or business or the website or business of any other entity;
3.1.7 in any manner that harms minors;
3.1.8 to promote any unlawful activity;
3.1.9 to represent or suggest that we endorse any other business, product or service unless we have separately agreed to do so in writing;
3.1.10 to gain unauthorised access to or use of computers, data, systems, accounts or networks; or
3.1.11 to attempt to circumvent password or user authentication methods.
4. Bulletin boards, chat rooms and other interactive services
4.1 We may make bulletin boards, chat rooms or other communication services (Interactive Services) available on the Site.
4.2 We are not obliged to monitor or moderate any text, images, video, audio or other multimedia content, information or material (Submission) submitted to our Interactive Services. Where we do monitor or moderate Submissions we shall indicate how this is performed and who should be contacted in relation to any Submission of concern to you.
4.3 We may remove or edit any Submission to any of our Interactive Services whether they are moderated or not.
4.4 Any Submission you make must comply with our Submission standards set out in clause 5 below.
4.5 By making a Submission, you grant to us a royalty-free, irrevocable, non-exclusive, transferable licence to use, reproduce, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform and display the Submission (in whole or in part) on the Site, and on any other websites operated by us, indefinitely.
5. Submission standards
5.1 Any Submission you make to our Interactive Services and any other communication to users of our Site by you must conform to standards of accuracy, decency and lawfulness, which shall be applied in our discretion, acting reasonably.
5.2 In particular, any Submission or communication by you must be:
5.2.1 your own original work and lawfully submitted;
5.2.2 factually accurate or your own genuinely held belief;
5.2.3 provided with the necessary consent of any third party;
5.2.4 not defamatory or likely to give rise to an allegation of defamation;
5.2.5 not offensive, obscene, sexually explicit, discriminatory or deceptive; and
5.2.6 unlikely to cause offence, embarrassment or annoyance to others.
6. Linking and framing
6.1 You may create a link to our Site from another website without our prior written consent provided no such link:
6.1.1 creates a frame or any other browser or border environment around the content of our Site;
6.1.2 implies that we endorse your products or services or any of the products or services of, or available through, the website on which you place a link to our Site;
6.1.3 displays any of the trademarks or logos used on our Site without our permission or that of the owner of such trademarks or logos; or
6.1.4 is placed on a website that itself breaches this Policy.
6.2 We reserve the right to require you to immediately remove any link to the Site at any time, and you shall immediately comply with any request by us to remove any such link.
7. Using our name and logo
You may not use our trademarks, logos or trade names except in accordance with this Policy and our website terms and conditions of use. Where we give permission to use our trademarks, logos or trade names, you shall do so only in accordance with our brand guidelines.
8. Breach
We shall apply the terms of this Policy in our absolute discretion. In the event of your breach of this Policy we may terminate or suspend your use of the Site, remove or edit Submissions, disclose Submissions or any other communication to users of our Site by you to law
Home › Website Acceptable Use Policy
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.Cookie SettingsAccept AllManage consent
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Functional
Functional
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Performance
Performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Analytics
Analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Others
Others
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
SAVE & ACCEPT