Skip to content
Please Read this Acceptable Use Policy Carefully Before Using This Website
Acceptable Use Policy
Thank you for your interest in CDNetworks Inc. and for visiting this website www.cdnetworks.com, whether as a guest or as a registered user.
As used herein:
the terms “CDNetworks” “we,” “us,” or “our” means CDNetworks Inc. and its affiliates; and
the term “Website” means this website and the information or materials on or provided through this website.
This Acceptable Use Policy govern your access to and use of this Website. Please read these terms carefully before you start using our site, as they apply to your use of our sites.
By using this Website, you confirm that you understand, agree and accept this Acceptable Use Policy.
If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use this Website.
Other applicable terms
These terms of use refer to other policies on our website:
Privacy Policy. This informs you how process any personal data we collect from you, or what you have provide to us. It also provides information about your rights and who to contact if you have any concerns.
Please view our Privacy Policy for further information on our policy.
Cookie Policy
This provides you with information regarding about the cookies we use on our Website. Please view our Cookie Policy for further information on our policy.
Site administrator
The administrator of this site is  1550 Valley Vista Dr. Diamond Bar, CA 91763.
Changes to these terms and site
We may revise these this Acceptable Use Policy at any time making amendments to this page.  We advise you to check this page and take notice of any changes we have made, as these changes are binding on you.
The content of the pages of the Website may change is for your general information and may change without notice. We recognize that through certain points of time some of the content on this site may be outdated. We will do our best to keep information up to date, but we are under no obligation to do so.
You acknowledge that such information may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Accessing our site
We cannot guarantee that our Website will always be available or uninterrupted. We may withdraw parts, or content of our website without notice, at our discretion.  We will not be liable to you for any unavailability at any time.
Restrictions on Use of Website
In using or accessing this Website, you agree to comply with this Acceptable Use Policy as well as applicable laws and regulations. This Website is for your personal, non-commercial use only. We may discontinue, change, or restrict your use of this Website for any reason without notice. You may not do any of the following:
violate any copyrights, and other proprietary or intellectual property rights in this Website;
decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, lease, sell, distribute, or reproduce this Website;
transmit, post, or otherwise make available:
content that is unlawful, false, inaccurate, harmful, obscene, or otherwise objectionable, including but not limited to any content that infringes on any intellectual property right or proprietary right;
viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms or other harmful programs or material; or
“spam” or similar materials;
misrepresent your affiliation with or impersonate any person or entity;
interfere with or disrupt this Website, or attempt to circumvent this Website’s security features;
remove or modify any copyright notices, other proprietary notices, or references to this Acceptable Use Policy on this Website; or
engage in any data mining, or use “bots” or similar data gathering and extraction tools or methods in connection with this Website.
CDNetworks shall co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or courts requesting or directing CDNetworks to disclose the identity or locate anyone posting any material in breach of any of these provisions.
Intellectual Property Rights
This Website, including but not limited to any services, products, or technology described on this Website, is protected by copyright laws, trademark laws, and other laws relating to proprietary and intellectual property rights.
CDNetworks retains and does not grant (whether express or implied) any rights, licenses, or ownership to this Website (or to any services, products, or technology described on this Website).
No reproduction, distribution, or transmission of any materials on this Website is permitted without the written permission of CDNetworks or third parties, as applicable.
No rights or licenses are granted to any logos, service marks, trademarks, and slogans appearing on this Website.
You are permitted to download and/or print content or pages from our Website for your personal use, on the following provisos:
you do not modify the content in any way;
you do not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.; and
our status as the author and publisher must always be acknowledged.
Third-Party Sites
This Website may provide links to other websites or resources. CDNetworks is not responsible for the availability of such external links or resources, and CDNetworks is not liable for any damages or losses caused by or in connection with the use of, the content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources.
Completing Forms on our Website
If you choose to provide us with information via our forms, we will use that information only to contact you regarding your request.
When submitting your personal details these are collected using an automated process.
We will not share your information with any third party other than is described in this Acceptable Use Policy and our Privacy Policy.
We will retain your information provided by you for no longer than is necessary under the Data Protection Act 2018 and GDPR.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
The use of this Website is at your sole risk. this website is provided on an “as is” “as available” basis. We expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. we make no warranty:
that the Website will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, error-free, or virus-free; or
regarding any services, products, information or other materials purchased, downloaded, or otherwise obtained through this website.
In no event will we be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, special, incidental, or consequential damages, including lost profits (however arising, including negligence) even if we have been advised of the possibility of damages, arising out of or in connection with the use or inability to use this Website, or any information, products or services obtained through this Website.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This legal Acceptable Use Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with US law Disputes arising in connection with these notices shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the US courts.
Contact us
To contact us, please click here.
Manage Cookie Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Privacy Policy
Functional
Functional
Always active
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
Preferences
Preferences
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
Statistics
Statistics
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
Marketing
Marketing
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage third parties
Manage vendors
Read more about these purposes
View preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
Play Video