ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
Acceptable Use Policy
Privacy Policy
GDPR
Sub-processors
Security
Last Revised: February 2021
This Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”) forms part of the Terms of Service. The Customer acknowledges and agrees to be bound by all the terms, conditions, and policies of the AUP, as set forth herein. The Customer acknowledges and agrees that it is responsible for continual compliance of this policy, in order to ensure the integrity, security and reliability of Services and Pulsar’s networks, systems, facilities and data.
1. DEFINITIONS
In this AUP, capitalized words shall have the meanings set out below or elsewhere in the Terms of Service:
Content means any content or material that is provided to the Customer or made accessible by the Services.
Customer Content means any data, video, graphics, information, statements or other material that is inputted by the Customer onto the Pulsar platform during its use of the Services.
Facebook means all social media and technology companies owned and operated by Facebook, Inc.
Individual means any person which uses or is a user or registered member of any site, platform, system, application, solution, service or such other forum to which the Content relates.
Reddit means the social news aggregation, web content rating, and discussion website owned and operated by Reddit, Inc.
Twitter means the microblogging and social networking service owned and operated by Twitter, Inc.
YouTube means the online video-sharing platform owned and operated by Google.
2. IN GENERAL
2.1 The Customer will (a) not use the Services for any of the following; and (b) prevent its end-customers from using the Services or any output from the Services, for any of the following:
To investigate, track, or surveil Individuals or obtain any information regarding Individuals in any manner that would require a court order, subpoena, or other judicial or governmental directive;
To use for any unlawful, illegal, discriminatory, unauthorized, or otherwise improper purpose;
To derive or obtain non-public information of Individuals, including without limitation, an Individual’s location;
To display, distribute, or otherwise make available any information or data which would be inconsistent with an Individual’s reasonable expectation of privacy;
To segment, target, or profile any Individual based on health, negative financial status or condition, political affiliation or beliefs, sex life or sexual orientation, racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical affiliation or beliefs, trade union membership, data relating to any alleged or actual commission of a crime, or any sensitive categories of personal information prohibited by law;
Unless explicitly approved by Pulsar, any use, modification, derivative, reproduction, release, performance, display or disclosure of Content by any governmental, law enforcement, intelligence or surveillance entity; and
To access or analyze Content for the monitoring or measurement of aggregate availability, performance, functionality, usage statistics or results for any comparison benchmarking, site to site competitive purposes or any form of public announcement. This includes, without limitation, the monitoring or measuring of responsiveness of social/public media websites or user metrics such as total number of active users, accounts, views, user engagements or account engagements.
3. REDDIT
To the extent that any Content contains any data, information or materials derived from Reddit, the Customer shall and shall procure that its end-customers:
not target Individuals with advertising outside of Reddit’s platform, including without limitation on other advertising networks, via data brokers, or through any other advertising or monetization services; and
agree to and comply with the Reddit User Agreement, Content Policy and Privacy Policy available online and which may be amended by Reddit from time to time.
4. YOUTUBE
To the extent that any Content contains any data, information or materials derived from YouTube, the Customer shall and shall procure that its end-customers agree to and comply with the YouTube terms of service available online and which may be amended by Google from time to time. The most recent version of the YouTube terms of service are available at https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
5. FACEBOOK
To the extent that any Content contains any data, information or materials derived from Facebook (which may include but is not limited to Instagram data), the Customer shall and shall procure that its end-customers agree to and comply with the following Facebook terms of service and policies available online and which may be amended by Facebook from time to time:
(a) Facebook Platform Policy (https://developers.facebook.com/policy/);
(b) Instagram Platform Policy (https://help.instagram.com/325135857663734/?helpref=hc_fnav&bc[0]=Instagram%20Help&bc[1]=Privacy%20and%20Safety%20Center);
(c) Facebook Platform Terms (https://developers.facebook.com/terms); and
(d) Facebook Developer Policy (https://developers.facebook.com/devpolicy)
6. TWITTER
To the extent that the Content contains any data, information or materials derived from Twitter, the Customer shall and shall procure that its end-customers agree and comply with the following policies:
(a) Twitter Terms of Service (https://twitter.com/en/tos);
(b) Twitter Privacy Policy (https://twitter.com/en/privacy);
(c) Twitter Developer Agreement (https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/agreement);
(d) Twitter Developer Policy (https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/policy); and
(e) Restricted Use Cases (https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/more-on-restricted-use-cases)
7. CUSTOMER CONTENT
The Customer shall not upload any Customer Content: (i) that includes personal data without Pulsar’s approval; (ii) which it does not own unless the appropriate consents, authorizations or licences have been obtained; and (iii) which would (a) put the Customer’s organization or business into disrepute (b) reveal financial information of any kind (whether related to its employees, customers, business or otherwise); or (c) contain highly confidential or business critical information. Pulsar shall not be responsible for such data if uploaded by the Customer.
8. CONSEQUENCES OF UNACCEPTABLE USE
Pulsar reserves the right to suspend or terminate Customer’s access to Pulsar’s, Services immediately, and without notice, if Pulsar determines that the Customer is in violation of this AUP. Indirect or attempted violations of this AUP, and actual or attempted violations by a third party on behalf of the Customer shall be considered violations of this policy by the Customer.
See Pulsar in action
Not quite ready for a demo?
Get in touch to learn how Pulsar can help with future projects.
Audience Intelligence, in your inbox
Receive our monthly tips, tricks and techniques newsletter. We use these details to ensure you get the information you want. Please see our Privacy Policy to learn more.
This website only uses cookies that are necessary for the site to function and they do not contain any personal data. You can find out more about the cookies used in our Privacy Policy. I understandPrivacy policy