contactLoginBDx 360° LoginChannel PartnersAcceptable Use PolicyThis policy describes activities that are prohibited on our network and systems so that your rights to use our services do not interfere with the use, enjoyment or rights of others. This framework is intended to safeguard the use of the Services and ensuring that our services are providing safe, secure, useful, reliable, informative and productive and to comply with applicable laws and regulations.  Services provided in China are subject to supplemental AUP. If the terms of the supplemental AUP conflicts with this AUP, the supplemental AUP will apply. Consequences of BreachIf we become aware of a violation of the Policy, we may take appropriate steps to ensure compliance. Depending on the severity of the breach, these steps includes but is not limited to:suspend and/or terminate the Service to which such violation relates;block or delete relevant content; conduct an inquiry into the activity; or involve/cooperate with law enforcement. Prohibited ConductYou must not use the Services in any way that is unlawful or interferes with the use of our network or systems or the rights of third parties (including other providers and users). Improper Content. You shall not transmit, distribute or store material that is obscene (including without limitation any form of pornography), defamatory, libelous, threatening, abusive, hateful, or containing excessive violence, or which encourages any of the aforesaid.  Proprietary Rights. You shall not use the Services in any manner that would violate, infringe, or otherwise breach any such Intellectual Property rights, including without limitation copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets or other proprietary rights, whether registered or not. or privacy laws Harmful Content. You shall not transmit, send or store any material that may interfere with, interrupt, or cause injury or harm to any network, system, service, or web sites.  Such prohibited harmful content includes, without limitation, (1) viruses, worms,  Trojan horses, spamming, mail-bombing, unauthorized system penetration, web page defacement, or unwanted emails, and/or (2) any attachments, media files, maps, or other methods having the capability to remotely control or paralyze computers systems .  Fraudulent Information. You shall not convey or distribute materials containing (1) sham offers for goods or services, or (2) advertising, promotional, or  marketing data that contain untrue, deceptive, or misleading statements, claims, representations or warranties.  Traffic Interception and Manipulation. You shall not, either directly or indirectly, use the Services in any way to intercept, decrypt/decode, inspect, store, or analyse or manipulate any packet headers, packet contents or any data streams or traffic, wholly or partly, which passes through the interconnection points between you and us.  Manipulation of Service. You shall not in relation to the Services attempt to alter the network infrastructure or any interconnection points in any way; and in particular shall not attempt any alteration which might result in or cause any damage, harm or degradation to the performance of the Service.  Changes to the AUPWe may change or modify the terms of this AUP at any time and these changes will be effective when posted on our web site. English中文