Acceptable use policy
WEBSITE ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
1 Introduction
1.1 Together with our General website terms and conditions of use, this acceptable use policy governs how you may access and use the Site.
1.2 Definitions
Site
includes the following website: www.animoassociates.com and all associated web pages;
Submission or submissions
means any text, images, video, audio or other multimedia content, software or other information or material submitted by you or other users to the Site;
We, us or our
means Animo Associates, a company incorporated in England and Wales under number 08721621 whose registered office is at 13 Charles II Street, London, England, SW1Y 4QU. References to us in these terms also includes our group companies from time to time;
You or your
means the person accessing or using the Site or its Content.
2 Acceptable use
2.1 We permit you to use the Site only for the purposes of accessing information about us and our services. Use of the Site in any other way, including in contravention of any restriction on use set out in this policy, is not permitted. If you do not agree with the terms of this policy, you may not use the Site.
3 Restrictions on use
3.1 As a condition of your use of the Site, you agree:
3.1.1 not to use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful under any applicable law or prohibited by this policy or our General website terms and conditions of use;
3.1.2 not to use the Site to commit any act of fraud;
3.1.3 not to use the Site to distribute viruses or malware or other similar harmful software code
3.1.4 not to use the Site for purposes of promoting unsolicited advertising or sending spam;
3.1.5 not to use the Site to simulate communications from us or another service or entity in order to collect identity information, authentication credentials, or other information (‘phishing’);
3.1.6 not to use the Site in any manner that disrupts the operation of our Site or business or the website or business of any other entity;
3.1.7 not to use the Site in any manner that harms minors;
3.1.8 not to promote any unlawful activity;
3.1.9 not to represent or suggest that we endorse any other business, product or service unless we have separately agreed to do so in writing;
3.1.10 not to use the Site to gain unauthorised access to or use of computers, data, systems, accounts or networks;
3.1.11 not to attempt to circumvent password or user authentication methods; and
3.1.12 to comply with the provisions relating to our Intellectual Property Rights and Software contained in our General website terms and conditions of use.
4 Submission standards
4.1 Any Submission or communication to users of our site must conform to standards of accuracy, decency and lawfulness, which shall be applied in our absolute discretion. In particular, you warrant that any submission or communication is:
4.1.1 your own information and lawfully submitted;
4.1.2 factually accurate or your own genuinely held belief;
4.1.3 provided with the necessary consent of any third party;
4.1.4 not defamatory or likely to give rise to an allegation of defamation;
4.1.5 not offensive, obscene, sexually explicit, discriminatory or deceptive; and
4.1.6 unlikely to cause offence, embarrassment or annoyance to others.
5 Linking and framing
5.1 You may not create a link to our site from another website without our prior written consent and in particular where such link:
5.1.1 creates a frame or any other browser or border environment around the content of our Site;
5.1.2 implies that we endorse you or your products or services or any of the products or services of, or available through, the website on which you place a link to our Site;
5.1.3 displays any of the trade marks or logos used on our Site without our permission or that of the owner of such trade marks or logos; or
5.1.4 is placed on a website that itself does not meet the acceptable use requirements of this policy.
5.2 We reserve the right to require you to immediately remove any link to the Site at any time, and you shall immediately comply with any request by us to remove any such link.
6 Using the Animo Associates name and logo
6.1 You may not use our trade marks, logos or trade names except in accordance with this policy and our General website terms and conditions of use. Where we give permission to use our trade marks, logos or trade names, you shall do so only in accordance with our brand guidelines (these are available on request).
7 Breach
7.1 We shall apply the terms of this policy in our absolute discretion. In the event of your breach of these terms we may terminate or suspend your use of the Site, remove or edit Submissions, disclose Submissions to law enforcement authorities or take any action we consider necessary to remedy the breach.
8 Disputes
8.1 We will try to resolve any disputes quickly and efficiently. If you are unhappy with the way we deal with any dispute and you want to take court proceedings, the relevant courts of the United Kingdom will have exclusive jurisdiction in relation to the Terms. Relevant United Kingdom law will apply to these Terms.