Netsparker is now Invicti
Home / Legal / Acceptable Use Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
This Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”) applies to Customer’s use of the Invicti Solution, Support, and any other products and/or services provided by Invicti and its Affiliates and describes activities that are prohibited in the course of such use. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this document shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Invicti Subscription Services Agreement (presently found at the following URL: https://www.invicti.com/Legal/ssa), as may be periodically updated by Invicti.
USE RESTRICTIONS. Invicti may immediately suspend or terminate, in its sole discretion, Customer’s access and use of the Invicti Solution, Support, and any other products and/or services provided by Invicti if Customer:1.1. Breaches any law or regulation, infringes the Intellectual Property Rights of Invicti or a third party, or engages in any fraudulent, deceptive, or defamatory conduct;1.2. Intentionally, knowingly, or recklessly introduces Malware into the Invicti Solution;1.3. Permits unauthorized access to the Invicti Solution;1.4. Engages in conduct that breaches Customer’s security and/or data privacy obligations or that may expose Invicti to a security vulnerability;1.5. Creates an online account with or provides Invicti with false corporate information, false names, or false contact information;1.6. Uses an invalid or fraudulent method of payment, initiates a chargeback, or fails to pay fees when due;1.7. Is abusive or offensive toward any employee, contractor, agent, or director of Invicti or a partner or reseller of the Invicti Solution;1.8. Attempts to test the vulnerability of the Invicti Solution or to breach any security measure of the network on which the Cloud Service operates;1.9. Modifies, or attempts to modify, any portion of the source code comprising the Invicti Solution without Invicti’s prior written consent;1.10. Uses the Invicti Solution in a manner that does not conform with the license rights granted under the Agreement; or1.11. Initiates security scanning of any website (fully qualified domain name) or web application that is not owned or managed by Customer or its Affiliate, or that contains content which violates applicable law or regulation.APPLICATION. Customer is directly responsible for the compliance of its Users and Clients (in the event of an MSSP relationship) with this AUP.CONTACT. Questions regarding this policy should be directed to legal@invicti.com.
By using this website you agree with our use of cookies to improve its performance and enhance your experience. More information in our Privacy Policy.