Acceptable Use Policy
PCCW Global / Acceptable Use Policy
1. Purpose
This Acceptable Use Policy outlines certain types of activity that are expressly prohibited by PCCW Global ("PCCW Global") to users of the PCCW Global Network and related products and Services (the "Services"). This Policy is in addition to any restrictions or other limitations on use that a user may be subject to by virtue of any service agreement or other terms and conditions executed between a user and PCCW Global (“Service Agreement”). PCCW Global may modify this Policy at any time, effective upon posting of the modified policy to: http://www.pccwglobal.com/acceptable-use-policy.php.
2. Application
This Policy applies to all users of the PCCW Global Network. For the purposes of this Policy, a “user” includes, collectively, a PCCW Global customer, its customers or end users, resellers, distributors, or any person or entity that utilizes the PCCW Global Network for any purpose whatsoever. The terms of use contained in this Policy are intended to be in addition to any contractual terms included in a User's Service Agreement. In the event of a conflict between this Policy and a Service Agreement, the terms of the Service Agreement shall prevail.
3. Use of the PCCW Global Network
By accessing and utilizing the PCCW Global Network and related services, Users understand and acknowledge that:
PCCW Global does not routinely monitor the content of its User's communications and except for violations of this Policy, does not attempt to control, edit or otherwise police the content of its Users' communications or other use of its Network or its Services;
Notwithstanding the foregoing, PCCW Global reserves the right to monitor its Network, including, but not limited to, User communications and mailboxes, in order to ensure compliance with this Policy, maintain its own network security, or to address and resolve system problems with the PCCW Global Network or Services. The PCCW Global Network is not considered a secure communications medium.
User is responsible for the security of its account(s) and password(s);
Except for products or services identified as being supplied by PCCW Global, PCCW Global does not operate, control, or endorse any information, product or services available on the Internet; and
The Internet contains unedited materials, some of which may be sexually explicit or offensive. A User accesses such materials at its own risk.
4. Prohibited Activities
a. Illegal Use
The PCCW Global Network may be used only for lawful purposes. Transmission, distribution or storage of any material in violation of any applicable law or regulation is prohibited. This includes, without limitation, material protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property right used without proper authorization, and material that is obscene, defamatory, constitutes an illegal threat, or violates export control laws. PCCW Global complies with all applicable laws in the operation of its Network, including, without limitation, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998. PCCW Global has adopted a DMCA policy which can be found on its website at http://www.pccwglobal.com/dmca (the “DMCA Policy”). The DMCA Policy is incorporated into and made a part of this Acceptable Use Policy by this reference.
b. System and network security
Violations of system or network security are prohibited, and may result in criminal and civil liability. PCCW Global will investigate incidents involving such violations and may involve and will cooperate with law enforcement if a criminal violation is suspected. Examples of system or network security violations include, without limitation, the following:
Unauthorized access to or use of data, systems or networks, including any attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without express authorization of the owner of the system or network.
Unauthorized monitoring of data or traffic on any network or system without express authorization of the owner of the system or network.
Interference with service to any User, host or network including, without limitation, mailbombing, flooding, deliberate attempts to overload a system and broadcast attacks.
Forging of any TCP-IP packet header or any part of the header information in an email or a newsgroup posting.
Use of IRC bots or clonebots.
c. Email
Sending unsolicited mail messages, including, without limitation, commercial advertising and informational announcements, is explicitly prohibited. A User shall not use another site's mail server to relay mail without the express permission of the site.
d. Usenet
Posting the same or similar message to one or more newsgroups (excessive cross-posting or multiple-posting, also known as "SPAM") is explicitly prohibited.
e. Other Types of Misuse
PCCW Global reserves the right to protect its Network and its Users from any activity that it deems, in its sole discretion, to be an abuse or misuse of its Network. Such misuse or abuse may include, but is not limited to, unauthorized attempts to gain root access or access to any account not belonging to that User, use of the PCCW Global Network as a "staging ground" to disable other systems or networks, or any other use that adversely affects the ability of other Users or systems to use the PCCW Global Network.
Indirect or attempted violations of the policy, and actual or attempted violations by a third party on behalf of a PCCW Global user, shall be considered violations of the policy by such user.
5. Investigation and Remedial Action
Complaints regarding any violation of this Policy should be sent to: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
In order to ensure prompt investigation and resolution of allegations of copyright infringement, complaints regarding a violation of the DMCA must be directed to the notice address set forth in PCCW Global’s DMCA Policy.
It is PCCW Global’s policy to investigate complaints in a commercially reasonable and prompt manner. PCCW Global reserves the right to take such actions as it, in its sole discretion, deems necessary to secure the PCCW Global Network or the rights of any User, including, without limitation, suspension of Service. A violation of this Policy by a User may also be a breach of its Service Agreement with PCCW Global.
Where a User is the subject of multiple or repeated complaints for the same or similar conduct, in addition to any other rights PCCW Global may have, PCCW Global may charge that User the reasonable costs of its investigation into such complaints.
Where PCCW Global determines, in its sole discretion, that a User is a repeat infringer, PCCW Global reserves the right to terminate that User’s services without further notice.
6. No Warranties; Limitation of Liability
PCCW Global services are offered on an "as is, as available basis". PCCW Global hereby disclaims all warranties, whether express or implied, of any kind whatsoever, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
PCCW Global shall not be liable for any claims or damages, whether direct or indirect, consequential, or special, including, without limitation, loss of data or lost profits, arising out of user's use of the PCCW Global network or its related products and services.
In any jurisdiction that does not permit a party to disclaim all liability, then the PCCW Global liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
Any and all claims by user are governed exclusively by its service agreement with PCCW Global.
Cookies on the PCCW Global website.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the PCCW Global website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time.
Continue
Find out more