Type keyword(s) to search
ntl recently posted a revised Acceptable Use Policy for its internet services, and contained within this document was a controversial paragraph which reads:
"The running of servers via your dial-up or broadband connection is not
permitted. If ntl become aware that servers are being run via the connection
supplied by ntl the account may be subject to immediate suspension or
termination."
This ambiguous statement led many subscribers to question what exactly ntl meant by the term "server".  Today, the AUP team gave a list of services not allowed to be run by customers on ntl's internet service... which hasn't been particularly well received by subscribers.
Services not allowed:
Web servers
SMTP, POP, IMAP mail servers
News servers
FTP servers
Games servers
Media servers (e.g. Napster)
Streaming media servers
Proxy servers
Remote adminstration servers
DNS servers
DHCP servers
X servers
Telnet servers
SSH servers
Print servers
TFTP Servers
Messaging servers
MUD servers
ICQ servers
Chat servers
IRC servers
Database servers
File and Printer sharing (e.g. the Windows Networking service)
They do say, however, that customers are allowed to run ICQ and chat software.
A couple of comments from ntl's subscribers, taken from ntl.support.cablemodems:
"Who can we write to about this? Other than ntl and The Register, both of
whom I'm about to email. I mean, given the political rhetoric being
bandied around about the broadband revolution, it really is too much
that Britain's largest single provider of broadband services isn't
willing to actually let you use it for anything." - Glyndwr
"This is not the service I initially signed up for, being *considerably* more
restricted, but as you seem to have the monopoly on broadband in my area you
think you can force this Draconian change on us without any opposition from
your 'customers'.
"For a company which claims to 'listen to it's customers views' you show very
little signs of doing so. Just what are you afraid of? We PAY for the bandwidth
allocated to us, just what gives you the *moral* right to stop us using it for
what we want? Providing, of course, that it's not used for business (not SOHO)
use, the availability of illegal/copyrighted material nor an open (spam magnet)
mail relay." - Colin Jones
It will be most interesting to see how ntl responds to these statements, and whether they will consider that such restrictions are unwieldy and look quite out of place in today's era of broadband internet technologies.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
More From
Cable
YouTube channel launches on Virgin TiVo
Virgin Movies gets multi-device playback
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Virgin Media ends year with 4.9m customers
Liberty Global acquires Virgin Media
BBC revamps TV Red Button
Virgin Media launches TV Anywhere
Virgin Media boosts top broadband speed
Virgin Media to launch TV Anywhere service
Virgin launches budget Classic Collection
Tube WiFi carries over 8m Olympic moments
Cable
Tech