Email address
Password
Your store name
Shopify Acceptable Use Policy
Shopify is a commerce platform that provides the tools and technology for merchants to set up an online store
and sell products and services on their own website, at physical retail locations, marketplaces and more.
While we believe the free and open exchange of ideas and products is a key tenet of commerce, there are some
activities that are incompatible with Shopify’s mission to make commerce better for everyone. This Acceptable
Use Policy (“AUP”) describes activities that are prohibited in connection with your use of the Services.
For the purposes of this AUP, “Materials” means any photos, images, videos, graphics, written content, audio
files, code, information, data or other content uploaded, collected, generated, stored, displayed, distributed,
transmitted or exhibited on or in connection with your Account.
The following activities are prohibited:
Child Exploitation: You may not offer goods or services, or post or upload Materials that exploit or abuse
children, including but not limited to images or depictions of child abuse or sexual abuse, or that present
children in a sexual manner.
Harassment, Bullying, Defamation and Threats: You may not offer goods or services, or post or upload
Materials, that harass, bully, defame or threaten a specific individual.
Hateful Content: You may not offer goods or services, or post or upload Materials, that condone or promote
violence against people based on race, ethnicity, color, national origin, religion, age, gender, sexual
orientation, disability, medical condition or veteran status.
Illegal Activities: You may not offer goods or services, or post or upload Materials, that contravene or
that facilitate or promote activities that contravene, the laws of the jurisdictions in which you operate or
do business.
Intellectual Property: You may not offer goods or services, or post or upload Materials, that infringe on
the copyright or trademarks of others.
Malicious and Deceptive Practices: You may not use the Services to transmit malware or host phishing pages.
You may not perform activities or upload or distribute Materials that harm or disrupt the operation of the
Services or other infrastructure of Shopify or others, including Shopify’s third party providers. You may not
use the Services for deceptive commercial practices or any other illegal or deceptive activities.
Personal and Confidential Information: You may not post or upload any Materials that contain personally
identifiable information, sensitive personal information, or confidential information, such as credit card
numbers, confidential national ID numbers, or account passwords unless you have consent from the person to
whom the information belongs or who is otherwise authorized to provide such consent.
Self-Harm: You may not offer goods or services, or post or upload Materials, that promote self-harm.
Spam: You may not use the Services to transmit unsolicited commercial electronic messages.
Terrorist Organizations: You may not offer goods or services, or post or upload Materials, that imply or
promote support or funding of, or membership in, a terrorist organization.
We may, at any time and without notice, remove any Materials, and suspend or terminate your Account or your
access to the Services if you engage in activities that violate the letter or spirit of this AUP, including
activities outside of your use of the Services.
Shopify has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor or investigate any Materials and your use of the
Services at any time for compliance with this AUP and the Shopify Terms of Service, or any other agreement
between you and Shopify governing your use of the Services (collectively, the “Terms”). Our determination
of whether a violation of this AUP has occurred will be final and binding, and any action taken with respect
to enforcing this AUP, including taking no action at all, will be at our sole discretion.
Shopify may modify this AUP at any time by posting a revised version at https://www.shopify.com/legal/aup. By continuing to use
the Services or access your Account after a revised version of the AUP has been posted, you agree to comply
with the latest version of the AUP. In the event of a conflict between the AUP and the Terms, this AUP will
take precedence, but only to the extent required to resolve such conflict. Capitalized terms used but not
defined in this AUP shall have the meanings set forth in the Terms.
If you feel that a user of the Services has violated this AUP, please contact us at
https://www.shopify.com/legal/report-aup-violation.
Last updated: April 3, 2017
© 2017 Shopify Inc.