Zoom Phone Acceptable Use Policy
Effective September 2021
All usage of Zoom Phone is subject at all times to this Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”).  If Customer or any End User violates this AUP, Zoom may suspend Customer’s use of the Services.
Reasonable Use.   Zoom Phone Service and the associated calling plans are for ordinary and reasonable business use.
Unacceptable Use. In addition to prohibited uses set forth in the Terms of Service or your Agreement with Zoom, the Zoom Phone Services (including any device, system, network, or account used in connection with the Services, or Zoom’s network) may not be used to engage in any of the following:
Illegal activity. Violate any applicable law, including U.S. federal, state, or local laws or regulations, or any applicable law or regulation of any foreign jurisdiction, including applicable laws regarding the recording of communications. Fraudulent or illegal use of Zoom Phone Services, including any activity that violates telemarketing laws or regulations.
Auto-dialing; trunking; traffic pumping. Perform auto-dialing or “predictive dialing” in an abusive manner; trunk or forward your Zoom Phone number to other numbers that handle multiple simultaneous calls or to a private branch exchange (PBX) or a key system; traffic pumping or access stimulation of calls through the Services or the Zoom Network.
Minors. Exploit or harm minors (e.g., expose them to inappropriate content; ask for personally identifiable information without parental consent).
Interference; transmit viruses. Interfere, inhibit, compromise, or otherwise harm the Services or Zoom’s Network (regardless of intent or knowledge); transmit any material that contains viruses, time or logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, malware, spyware, or any other programs that may be harmful or dangerous.
Objectionable or Misleading activity. Act in an indecent, offensive, threatening, harassing, defamatory, libelous, fraudulent, malicious, disruptive, tortious, or other objectionable manner; or create a false caller ID identity (i.e., ID spoofing), forge addresses or headers, or otherwise mislead others about a sender’s identity or origin.
Safety. The Services shall not be used for any or in any high risk environment or in an unsafe manner. The Services are not designed or licensed for use in hazardous environments requiring fail-safe controls, including without limitation operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation/communication systems, air traffic control, and life support or weapons systems.
Harvest information; spam; bulk messages. Harvest or collect information about third parties or End Users without consent; send bulk communications or other content without the recipient’s consent.
Excessive or unauthorized use. Use any device, system, network, account, plan, or use the Services in an unauthorized manner, or in excess of reasonable business use, including without limitation use or activities that involve continual, uninterrupted, or consistently excessive use of Zoom Phone Services.
Circumvent compliance or security. Take advantage of, bypass, exploit, defeat, disable, or otherwise circumvent limitations of the Services, security mechanisms, or compliance with this AUP or any law.
Interception. Intercept, capture, sniff, monitor, modify, emulate, decrypt, or redirect any communication or data for any purpose.
Resale Prohibited. Customer may not sell, resell, sublease, assign, license, or sublicense the Services or any component thereof or use or offer the same on a service-bureau or time-sharing basis, unless expressly permitted in an agreement signed by both parties.
High Risk Use Prohibited. THE SERVICES ARE NOT DESIGNED, MANUFACTURED, INTENDED, OR RECOMMENDED FOR USE FOR ANY HIGH-RISK OR FAIL-SAFE PURPOSE OR ACTIVITY OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT WHERE FAILURE, INTERRUPTION, MALFUNCTION, ERROR, OR UNAVAILABILITY COULD RESULT IN PHYSICAL HARM OR PERSONAL INJURY, DEATH OR DISMEMBERMENT, OR PROPERTY OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE. CUSTOMER SHALL NOT USE THE SERVICES FOR ANY SUCH PURPOSE OR ACTIVITY OR IN ANY SUCH ENVIRONMENT.
Right to Review Use; Suspension or Termination. Zoom has a right to review Customer’s and End User’s use of Zoom Phone Services.  Use that is inconsistent with the types and levels of usage by typical business customers, including but not limited to abnormal call lengths; abnormal call frequency; abnormal call duration; or abnormal calling patterns or destinations that indicate an attempt to evade enforcement of this Acceptable Use Policy.  Zoom may act immediately and without notice to suspend or terminate the Services, or phone numbers, if, in Zoom’s sole discretion, Customer’s or its End Users’ use of the Services (or use of particular phone numbers) violates Law and/or the terms of this Acceptable Use Policy.
Violations. Zoom has sole discretion to interpret this AUP and determine whether a Customer or End User has violated it.
Updates
Zoom's policies may require modifications in order to comply with applicable laws and regulatory requirements. Any such changes to Zoom's policies will be posted here. If you would like to receive notification of updates to our policies, please provide your email address in the box below.