Return to Trust CenterModified: July 7th 2021
Acceptable Use Policy
Acceptable use and content
You agree to use the Kahoot! Services and Resources only for the purposes intended as permitted by the Agreement, including the Terms, this Acceptable Use Policy and applicable laws and regulations (“Acceptable Use”). When using the Kahoot! Services and Resources, you agree and understand that:
In order to access our Services and Resources, you may be required to provide certain information about yourself (such as identification, contact details, etc.) as part of the registration process, or as part of your ability to use the Services and Resources. You agree that any information you provide will always be accurate, correct, and up to date.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any login information associated with any account you use to access our Services and Resources. Accordingly, you are responsible for all activities that occur under your account/s.
Accessing (or attempting to access) any of our Services and Resources by any means other than through the means we provide, is strictly prohibited. You specifically agree not to access (or attempt to access) any of our Services and Resources through any automated, unethical or unconventional means.
Engaging in any activity that disrupts or interferes with our Services and Resources, including the servers and/or networks to which our Services and Resources are located or connected, is strictly prohibited.
Attempting to copy, duplicate, reproduce, sell, trade, or resell our Resources is strictly prohibited.
You are not allowed to post content or use our Services and Resources in a way which includes or involves commercial or sales activities, such as advertising, promotions, contests, sweepstakes, unless this is expressly permitted under your agreement with Kahoot!;
You are not allowed to post content or use our Services and Resources in a way that links to, references, or otherwise promotes commercial products or services, unless this is expressly permitted under your agreement with Kahoot!;
We may provide various open communication tools on our Services, such as blog comments, blog posts, public chat, forums, message boards, newsgroups, product ratings and reviews, various social media services, etc. You understand that generally we do not pre-screen or monitor the content posted by users of these various communication tools, which means that if you choose to use these tools to submit any type of content to our Services, then it is your personal responsibility to use these tools in a responsible and ethical manner. By posting information or otherwise using any open communication tools as mentioned, you agree that you will not upload, post, share, or otherwise distribute any content that breaches the Acceptable Use Policy or the Agreement, including;
You are not allowed to engage, post any content or register and/or use a user name which includes material that is illegal, threatening, defamatory, abusive, harassing, degrading, intimidating, fraudulent, deceptive, invasive, racist, or contains any type of suggestive, inappropriate, or explicit language which;
Infringes on any trademark, patent, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary right of any party;
Contains any type of unauthorized or unsolicited advertising;
Impersonates any person or entity, including any Kahoot! employees or representatives.
Our Editorial Guidelines describe Kahoot!´s content policies in more detail and content we consider to be illegal or unacceptable to our platform. Contributors to our platform shall read, understand and respect our Editorial Guidelines and not publish content that breaches the Editorial Guidelines and this Acceptable Use Policy.
We have the right at our sole discretion to remove any content that we feel in our judgment does not comply with your agreements with us, along with any content that we feel is otherwise offensive, harmful, objectionable, inaccurate, or violates any 3rd party copyrights or trademarks. We are not responsible for any delay or failure in removing such content. If you post content that we choose to remove, you hereby consent to such removal, and consent to waive any claim against us.
Our Safety Guide gives an insight into how Kahoot! work with platform safety and the measures we implement to keep our platform safe, including how we moderate content.
Content reporting and DMCA
If you believe that any content does not comply with our standards we invite you to report this to us. Information about how you can report user content is provided in our Editorial Guidelines and Safety Guide. You can also reach out on support@kahoot.com .
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good faith that material available in the Service infringes your copyright, you (or your agent) may send to Kahoot a written notice by mail or e-mail, requesting that Kahoot removes such material or blocks access to it. If you believe in good faith that someone has wrongly filed a notice of copyright infringement against you, the DMCA permits you to send to Kahoot a counter-notice. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA. See http://www.copyright.gov/ for details. Notices and counter-notices must be sent in writing to Kahoot by mail to legal@kahoot.com or to Kahoot ASA, Fridtjof Nansens plass 7, N-0160 Oslo, Norway. We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a DMCA notice or counter-notice. Please note that Kahoot may, in appropriate circumstances, terminate or suspend users and account holders who are repeat infringers.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Kahoot! may in its sole discretion take such actions as it deems fit in order to protect the intellectual property rights of any intellectual property owner, including but not limited to removing user content.
Treats for your browser! We’re serving nice cookies to it so that your next visit to our website is even more awesome. You can read up more about cookies here.
Gotcha, I agree!