Skip to main content
Contact sales
Trusted by teams at
Trusted by teams at
ç
Legal
Terms of Service
Global Privacy Policy
EU & Swiss Privacy Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Copyright Policy
Cookie Policy
Trademark Policy
Data Processing Addendum
Subprocessors
CCPA Notice
Privacy FAQs
Developer Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
Effective date: October 14, 2022
‍‍
This Acceptable Use Policy, the Terms of Service, and our other applicable policies govern your use of Webflow’s software-as-a-service platform and the products, services, and features we make available to you as part of the platform (collectively, the “Service”). This Acceptable Use Policy sets forth use restrictions and the types of activities and/or content that is prohibited from being posted, published, or uploaded on or to the Service. Any capitalized terms not defined in this Acceptable Use Policy shall have the meanings set forth in our Terms of Service. If you have any comments or questions about this Acceptable Use Policy, feel free to contact us.
As a Webflow user you agree not to misuse the Service or help anyone else do so. The following is an illustrative, non-exhaustive list of activities and User Content which are prohibited or restricted in connection with your use of the Service:
‍‍
1. Abusing or Disrupting the Service
Do not use any “deep-link”, “page-scrape”, “robot”, “spider” or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any manual process to access, acquire, copy, or monitor any portion of the Service or any Webflow IP or obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Service.
Do not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion of the Service or any Webflow IP, or any systems or networks connected to the Service, by hacking, password “mining”, or any other illegitimate means.
Do not probe, scan, or  engage in any activity that tests the vulnerability of the Service or any Webflow IP (e.g., penetration tests), or any system or network connected to the Service.
Do not take any action that imposes or may impose, in our sole determination and discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure or our third party providers, including but not limited to brute forcing, denial of service attacks, automated security scanning, or performance testing.
Do not upload or use the Service to transmit viruses, worms, ransomware, malware, time bombs, Trojan horses and other harmful or malicious code, files, scripts, agents or programs.
Do not use any device, software, or process to interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the Service or any Webflow IP, any systems or networks connected to the Service, or with any other person’s use of the Service.
‍
2. Spamming and Phishing
Do not use the Service to engage in or send (i) spam, (ii) emails that violate CAN-SPAM or related laws, (iii) emails to people who have not explicitly consented (where such consent is required), (iv) other unsolicited communications (bulk or otherwise), (v) promotions or advertisements, or (vi) any related unethical or misleading marketing or advertising. Note that Webflow reserves the right to determine in our reasonable discretion what constitutes violations of these restrictions (e.g., whether something qualifies as spam).
Do not send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information (including any misleading or incorrect names, email addresses, subject lines), including without limitation phishing or spoofing.
‍
3. Deceptive Practices and Impersonating Others
Do not reverse look-up or trace any information of any other user or End User or otherwise use the Service for the purpose of obtaining information of any other user or End User.
Do not impersonate another person or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity, conduct fraud, hide, or attempt to hide your identity.
‍
4. Restricted Products and Services
Do not sell any products or services that may be hazardous, counterfeit, stolen, fraudulent, or abusive.
Do not sell any products or services that are illegal, according to applicable laws, to  sell, distribute or use.
Do not sell any products that are manufactured as, or primarily intended to be used as, weapons, including firearms, restricted devices, or ammunition. Note that Webflow reserves the right to determine in our reasonable discretion what constitutes a “weapon”.
‍
5. Harmful or Illegal Content
Do not use the Service and/or post User Content that harasses, bullies, defames, or threatens a specific individual, or incites others to do so.
Do not post User Content that creates or may create a risk of harm, loss, damage, physical or mental injury, emotional distress, death, disability, disfigurement, or physical or mental illness to you, to any other person or group of people, to any animal or to any property.
Do not post User Content that encourages, glorifies, incites, or calls for violence or physical harm against an individual (including yourself), or a group of people.
Do not post User Content that promotes ideas or theories of superiority of one race or group of persons of one color or ethnic origin, or which attempt to justify or promote racial hatred and discrimination in any form.
Do not post User Content that may harm or exploit children (e.g., by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable details, etc.).
Do not post User Content that could be deemed to be unlawful, harmful, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, defamatory, infringing, harassing, humiliating to other people (publicly or otherwise), libelous, threatening, profane, or otherwise objectionable.
Do not post User Content that may constitute or contribute to a crime or tort.
‍
6. Sexually Explicit Content; Misinformation
Do not post User Content that is sexually explicit or obscene (e.g., adult themed content that depicts or describes sexual activities or graphic content). Notwithstanding, Webflow in its sole discretion may allow User Content under this section that is primarily intended to be educational, documentary, scientific, and/or artistic.
Do not post User Content that disseminates misinformation, is misleading or confusing, and/or may lead to a risk of harm, including but not limited to User Content that: (i) includes or promulgates false or misleading information about COVID-19; (ii) may manipulate or interfere in elections or other civic processes; (iii) has been technically manipulated or doctored in a way that may deceive or confuse others; (iv) may create a risk of harm to crisis-affected populations; (v) promotes substances or treatments that present an risk of bodily harm or death; or (vi) contradicts local health authorities, the WHO, or CDC guidance on established safe medical practices.
‍
7. Intellectual Property
Do not post User Content that contains software or other material that violates or invades the intellectual property rights (or rights of privacy or publicity) of any third party.
Do not post User Content that includes any information or content to which you have not obtained any necessary rights or permissions to use accordingly or to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships.
Do not use images or names of any third party (including notable personalities or celebrities) when offering or selling products without first obtaining that third party’s permission.
Do not otherwise fail in any way to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, including without limitation with respect to intellectual property, trade secrets, privacy or publicity rights, consumer protection, securities laws, product safety or trade regulations or export controls, regulations or sanctions.
‍
8. Abusing or Disrupting the Service
Do not post User Content that contains personally identifiable information, sensitive personal information, or confidential information, such as Social Security numbers, passwords, and credit card information.
Do not use the Service to collect, store, or process any protected health information subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”), any applicable health privacy regulation or any other applicable law governing the processing, use, or disclosure of protected health information.
If we conclude, in our discretion, that you have engaged in activities that violate the letter or spirit of this Acceptable Use Policy, we may, at any time and without notice, remove any User Content, and suspend or terminate your Account or your access to the Service. Without limiting any other term of the Agreement, Webflow may suspend or otherwise terminate the Agreement and/or your access to the Service on written notice to you in the event of a Brand Matter. A “Brand Matter” means any event involving you or your use of the Service that, in Webflow’s reasonable judgment, causes us to have significant concern for the reputation of our trademarks or brand, including but not limited to matters related to an alleged violation by you of this Acceptable Use Policy
We strive to ensure fair outcomes, but in all cases our determination of whether a Brand Matter or other violation has occurred will be final and binding, and any action taken with respect to enforcing this Acceptable Use Policy, including taking no action at all, will be at our sole discretion.
Webflow may modify this Acceptable Use Policy from time to time, and will post the most current version on our site. By continuing to use the Service or access your Account after a revised version of this policy has been posted, you agree to comply with the latest version of the Acceptable Use Policy. In the event of a conflict between the Acceptable Use Policy and the Terms, this Acceptable Use Policy will take precedence, but only to the extent required to resolve such conflict.
‍
To report violations of these guidelines to us directly, please email us: Report Spam & Abuse.