Progress Hosted Services Acceptable Use Policy
This Acceptable Use Policy (this “AUP”) describes prohibited uses of Progress Hosted Services (aka Hosted Services as defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the End User License Agreement – EULA for any related Progress Hosted Services available at: https://www.progress.com/legal) and the products and services accessible through or in connection with Hosted Services (collectively the “Service Offerings”) and https://www.progress.com/, and/or any similar successor website(s) (collectively and individually the “Progress Site”). The examples described in this AUP are not exhaustive. We may modify this AUP at any time by posting a revised version on the Progress Site. By using the Service Offerings or accessing the Progress Site, you agree to the latest version of this AUP. If you violate the AUP or authorize or help others to do so, we may suspend or terminate your use of the Service Offerings.
No Illegal, Harmful, or Offensive Use or Content
You may not use, or encourage, promote, facilitate or instruct others to use, the Service Offerings or the Progress Site for any illegal, harmful or offensive use, or to transmit, store, display, distribute or otherwise make available content that is illegal, harmful, or offensive. Prohibited activities or content include:
Illegal Activities. Any illegal activities, including advertising, transmitting, or otherwise making available gambling sites or services or disseminating, promoting or facilitating pornography, or encourage any conduct that would violate any applicable law.
Harmful or Fraudulent Activities. Activities that may be harmful to others, our operations or reputation, including offering or disseminating fraudulent goods, services, schemes, or promotions (e.g., make-money-fast schemes, ponzi and pyramid schemes, phishing, or pharming), or engaging in other deceptive practices.
Infringing Content.  Content that infringes or misappropriates the intellectual property or proprietary rights, privacy, or other rights of third parties, trade secrets or confidential information of others, or that infringes any agreement or fiduciary relationship law, statute, ordinance or regulation.
Offensive Content.  Content that is defamatory, obscene, abusive, offensive, invasive of privacy, or otherwise objectionable, including content that constitutes discrimination or harassment, pornography, relates to bestiality, or depicts non-consensual sex acts.
Harmful Content. Content or other computer technology that may disable, damage, interfere with, surreptitiously intercept, or expropriate any system, program, data, or personal information including viruses, Trojan horses, spyware, malware, worms, time bombs, or cancelbots.
No Security Violations
You may not use the Service Offerings to violate the security or integrity of any network, computer or communications system, software application, or network or computing device (each, a “System”). Prohibited activities include:
Unauthorized Access. Accessing or using any System without permission, including attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of a System or to breach any security or authentication measures used by a System.
Interception. Monitoring of data or traffic on a System without permission.
Falsification of Origin.  Forging TCP-IP packet headers, e-mail headers, or any part of a message describing its origin or route that may serve to misrepresent its identity and source in any way. This prohibition does not include the use of aliases or anonymous remailers.
No Network Abuse
You may not make network connections to any users, hosts, or networks unless you have permission to communicate with them. Prohibited activities include:
Monitoring or Crawling. Monitoring or crawling of a System that impairs or disrupts the System being monitored or crawled.
Denial of Service (DoS). Inundating a target with communications requests so the target either cannot respond to legitimate traffic or responds so slowly that it becomes ineffective.
Intentional Interference. Interfering with the proper functioning of any System, including any deliberate attempt to overload a system by mail bombing, news bombing, broadcast attacks, or flooding techniques.
Operation of Certain Network Services. Operating network services like open proxies, open mail relays, or open recursive domain name servers.
Avoiding System Restrictions. Using manual or electronic means to avoid any use limitations placed on a System, such as access and storage restrictions.
No E-Mail Abuse
You will not distribute, publish, send, or facilitate unsolicited mass e-mailings, promotions, advertising, or solicitations (like “spam”), including commercial advertising and informational announcements. You will not alter or obscure mail headers or assume a sender’s identity without the sender’s explicit permission. You will not collect replies to messages sent from another internet service provider if those messages violate this AUP or the acceptable use policy of that provider.
Our Monitoring and Enforcement
We reserve the right, but do not assume the obligation, to investigate any violation of this AUP or misuse of the Service Offerings or the Progress Site. We may:
investigate violations of this AUP or misuse of the Service Offerings or Progress Site; or
remove, disable access to, or modify any content or resource that violates this AUP or any other agreement we have with you for use of the Service Offerings or the Progress Site.
We may report any activity that we suspect violates any law or regulation to appropriate law enforcement officials, regulators, or other appropriate third parties. Our reporting may include disclosing appropriate customer information. We also may cooperate with appropriate law enforcement agencies, regulators, or other appropriate third parties to help with the investigation and prosecution of illegal conduct by providing network and systems information related to alleged violations of this AUP.
Reporting of Violations of this AUP
If you become aware of any violation of this AUP, you will immediately notify us and provide us with assistance, as requested, to stop or remedy the violation.
Copyright © 2021 Progress Software Corporation and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates.All Rights Reserved.
Progress, Telerik, Ipswitch, and certain product names used herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Progress Software Corporation and/or one of its subsidiaries or affiliates in the U.S. and/or other countries. See Trademarks for appropriate markings.
Terms of Use
Privacy Center
Security Center
Trademarks
License Agreements
Careers
Offices
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Powered by Progress Sitefinity