Acceptable Use Policy
< Back to home
SCIRIS GROUP LIMITED (12544070)
Website Acceptable Use Policy
Introduction
Together with our website terms and conditions of use, this
Policy governs how you may use this website (the Site),
which is provided by us free of charge.
References in this Policy to the Site include the
following websites and all associated subdomains and web
pages:
www.sciris.comwww.scirisgroup.com.
You should read this Policy carefully before using the
Site.
By accessing or using the Site or otherwise indicating your
consent, you agree to use the Site in accordance with this
policy and the documents referred to within.
If you do not agree with or accept any of this Policy, you
should stop using the Site immediately.
If you have any questions about the Site, please contact us
by using the following e-mail address:
webmaster@scirisgroup.com. Alternatively, you may contact us
by telephone using the following number: 0800 999
1600.
Calls will be answered at the following times:
Mon - Fri 0800 – 18:00 (GMT/BST)We may record calls for quality and training
purposes.
If you have a hearing or speech impediment you can contact
us using a textphone on 0800 999 1600.
Definitions:
"Policy" means this acceptable use policy and any other
policies or documents supplemental to or herein
contained;
"Site" means the following websites and all associated
subdomains and web pages:
www.sciris.comwww.scirisgroup.com.
"Content" means any text, images, video, audio or other
multimedia content, software or other information or
material submitted to or on the Site.
"We", "us" or "our" means SCIRIS GROUP LIMITED (company
registration number 12544070) (VAT registration number
GB353322817) the registered office of which is at:
7th Floor, North Building
1 Triptych Place, London
United Kingdom,
SE1 9SH."You
or your" means the person accessing or using the Site
or its Content.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change,
modify, add, or remove portions of this Policy, at any time.
It is your responsibility to check this Policy periodically
for changes. Your continued use of the Site following the
posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to
the changes.
Scope of Policy
You and all users of the Site (including any staff,
employees and any other persons connected to SCIRIS GROUP
LIMITED (12544070) are bound by the provisions of this
Policy and any other applicable policies alongside the Terms
and Conditions of Use of the Site.
We seek to promote, encourage and facilitate the safe,
constructive and robust use of the services and Content of
the Site in the interest of you and all other users of the
Site. This shall require and be dependent upon the
appropriate and legal use of the technologies, facilities,
services and Content made available to you and all others of
the Site.
Acceptable Use of the Site
The Site is for your personal and non-exclusive use only.
If you comply with this Policy and the Terms of Use SCIRIS
GROUP LIMITED (12544070) grants you a personal,
non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter
and use the Site.
The Site is primarily to be used for the following:
To provide Information about the company and product and
Services
Use of the Site in any other way, including in
contravention of any restriction on use set out in this
Policy, is not permitted. If you do not agree with the terms
of this Policy, you may not use the Site.
Restrictions:
As a condition of your use of the Site, you agree:
a. not use the Site for any purpose
that is unlawful under any applicable law or prohibited by
this Policy or our website terms and conditions of use;
b. not access the Site in any manner
that is prohibited by this Policy or our website terms and
conditions of use;
c. not to use the Site to commit any
act of fraud;
d. not to use the Site to distribute
viruses or malware or other similar harmful software code;
e. not to use the Site for purposes of
promoting unsolicited advertising or sending spam;
f. not to use the Site to simulate
communications from us or another service or entity in
order to collect identity information, authentication
credentials, or other information ('phishing');
g. not to use the Site in any manner
that disrupts the operation of our Site or business or the
website or business of any other entity;
h. not to use the Site in any manner
that harms minors;
i. not to promote any unlawful
activity;
j. not to represent or suggest that we
endorse any other business, product or service unless we
have separately agreed to do so in writing;
k. not to use the Site to gain
unauthorised access to or use of computers, data, systems,
accounts or networks;
l. not to attempt to circumvent
password or user authentication methods; and
m. to comply with the provisions
relating to our intellectual property rights and software
contained in our website terms and conditions of use.
Using our trademarks, logos or trade names
You may only use our trademarks, logos or trade names with
our prior written permission. Any other use is
prohibited.
In the event that you are given such permission you may
only use our trademarks, logos or trade names in accordance
with the strict limits of such permission and any guidelines
imposed by us.
Breach
We shall apply the terms of this Policy in our absolute
discretion. In the event of your breach of this Policy we may
terminate or suspend your use of the Site, remove or edit
Submissions, disclose Submissions to law enforcement authorities
or take any action we consider necessary to remedy the breach.
Disputes
We will try to resolve any disputes with you quickly and
efficiently.
If you are unhappy with us please contact us as soon as
possible.
To formally make a complaint to us please use our
complaints handling procedure
(Webmaster@scirisgroup.com).
If you and we cannot resolve a dispute using our complaint
handling procedure, we will:
let you know that we cannot settle the dispute with
you; and
consider the need for Alternative Dispute Resolution
and, if considered necessary, provide you with
information about any alternative dispute resolution
provider we deem appropriate to deal with your
complaint.
If you want to take court proceedings, the relevant courts
of the United Kingdom will have exclusive jurisdiction in
relation to these Terms.
Relevant United Kingdom law will apply to these
Terms.
This policy is up to date as of: 1st November 2022.