Close
Cookie policy
Our website uses cookies to give you a better browsing experience, and by using our site you accept our cookies policy. Alternatively, find out how to manage cookies.
Skip to navigation
Skip to secondary navigation
Skip to content
PersonalBusinessThe Vodafone Difference
Log in
Network Status Checker
Find a store
Mobile
Broadband
My Vodafone
Help & information
Search
Acceptable Use Policy
Terms and conditions
Vodafone Mobile Acceptable Use Policy
Updated: May 2020
This acceptable use policy covers your usage obligations for your Vodafone Pay monthly or Pay as you go services. It forms part of your contract with us, along with your Pay monthly terms and charges guide or your Pay as you go terms and charges guide.  This policy sets out your usage obligations, what you can do to avoid breaching the policy and what happens if your usage is deemed to breach the policy.
Use of our services
You have an obligation to use our services for private, personal, and legitimate consumer purposes only. Your use of our services should not exceed that reasonably expected of a reasonable person using them for these purposes. Failure to adhere to the policy may mean a loss of, or restriction to your service. Below is a non-exhaustive list of your obligations and the types of activity which you should avoid.
Make sure you use our services and SIM cards for private, personal and legitimate consumer purposes only. You must not use our services or SIM cards for business purposes
Don’t make calls or send texts in relation to the marketing, promotion or administration of a business, group or organisation, or for any non-private/non-personal purpose. For example, sending bulk texts to a customer base, or a non-private/non-personal group distribution list. Make an excessive number of calls to an unusually large number of recipients, with the intention of promoting a business or service, or non-personal purpose would constitute use of our service for non-personal consumer use and would also be in breach of this policy.
You must not use our services or SIM cards to generate artificially inflated traffic, or to send automated or unsolicited text messages.
Don’t send abnormally high volumes of texts, send texts to an unusually large number of recipients, send large volumes of texts in a short space of time or send SPAM texts. These are examples of usage which would be a breach of this policy.
You must not resell our services. You’re not to use, or allow anyone else to use, our services or SIM cards to contact numbers that pay any type of revenue (including, but not limited to, call forwarding services, concurrent calling, paging services, onward calling services).
Don’t make unusually high volumes of calls or make calls to earn financial revenue or other reward.
You must not establish, install or use a gateway device, application, or SIM box (including devices tethered via cable, Bluetooth or Wi-Fi, to a computer or the internet for the purposes of making large volumes of calls or sending large volumes of texts)
Don’t use gateway devices, applications, or SIM boxes to send automated messages, or to make automated calls.
You must not use our services or SIM cards for fraudulent or criminal purposes, or in a way that’s in breach of law (including making calls, sending messages or posting or downloading content which is, offensive, defamatory, indecent or a nuisance.
Don’t use our services in any way which would be a breach of this policy, for example, making nuisance calls, illegal file-sharing or downloads, or viewing illegal content.
Use of our services while in our Europe Zone (excluding the UK), Roam-free or Roam-further destinations is intended for temporary, periodic travel such as holidays and short breaks.
You are not permitted to spend more than £240 per month and £40 for any single transaction, when using our Services to do any of the following:
call numbers beginning with the following prefixes; 09, 084 118, 0871, 0872, 0873;
to send a text to a premium number (such as charity, voting or competition numbers); and
purchase content from our Charge to Bill partners (see www.vodafone.co.uk/my-vodafone-account/billing-and-payments/charge-to-bill).
What happens if your usage falls outside the acceptable usage policy?
If we suspect you’re not adhering to our Acceptable Use Policy, we reserve the right to impose further charges on you and/or disconnect your SIM card or contract at any time.
We may also restrict access to just one part of your service (for example, restrict your use of our text service if we believe you have sent text messages that are in breach of this policy).
We’ll attempt to contact you if we need to disconnect your service.
Data
If you’re using the service in a way which we believe is harmful to our network we may introduce certain traffic management measures such as throttling which might reduce your speed, reduce access to your services, impose further charges on your account or we may disconnect your SIM. We will attempt to notify you before any disconnection takes place. More information on traffic management.
Buying online
Pay monthly deals
Pay as you go deals
SIM only deals
iPad and tablets
Mobile Broadband
Home Broadband
VOXI
Vodafone Smart Tech
Vodafone recommends
Deals and offers
Black Friday
5G phones
Latest phones
iPhone 12 Pro Max
iPhone 12 mini
iPhone 12
iPhone 12 Pro
iPhone SE
Galaxy S20 FE
Galaxy S20 5G
Galaxy S20+ 5G
Google Pixel 5 5G
Huawei P30 lite New Edition
New phones
Help & Support
All help topics
Help with your device
Lost or stolen devices
Leaving Vodafone
Help with my account
Find a store
Contact us
How to complain
Complaints code
Repairs
Return a product
Vodafone UK
About us
For investors
News Centre
Sustainable business
Why choose us?
Vodafone Community
Digital Parenting
Modern Slavery Statement
Accessibility
Careers
TOBi
User research
Terms & conditions
Site map
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
© 2021 Vodafone Limited. Registered office: Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN.
Registered in England No 1471587.
Phones
Pay monthly phones
Pay as you go phones
Apple
Samsung Galaxy
Nearly New deals
Brands
Compare phones
Mobile + Broadband
Vodafone Together
SIM only
Unlimited
SIM only for phones
SIM only for tablets
Pay as you go SIMs
Mobile broadband
Tablets
Dongles and Mobile WiFi
Data only SIM
GigaCube
More
Latest offers
Pay monthly plans
Pay as you go plans
Apple Watch
V by Vodafone
Existing customers
Deals
Broadband Deals
Gigafast Broadband
Compare Deals
Ultimate Broadband Guarantee
About our Broadband
About Homephone
Broadband + Mobile
Vodafone Together
Support
Switching to us
Broadband help
Home Moves
Auto Compensation
Billing & payments
Recent bills
Usage
Make a payment
Manage Direct Debit
Top up
My products
Upgrades
Existing customer offers
Settings
Account settings
Personal details
Password & security
My Account Controls
Vodafone apps
My Vodafone app
VeryMe Rewards
Costs and charges
Travelling abroad
Calling abroad from UK
UK call charges
Data charges
Support
Getting started
Unlocking your phone
Transfer your number
Managing your data usage
SIM swap
All support
Contact us
Network
5G
Network Status Checker
Network improvements
Calling
Messaging
Data
Secure Net
More
Coming soon
Repairs
Delivery
Returns
Accessibility Services
Life events