Skip to main content
ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
FRENCH >    | GERMAN >    |   SPANISH >
This Acceptable Use Policy (this “Policy”) describes prohibited uses of the Services.  The examples described in this Policy are not exhaustive. UKG may modify this Policy at any time upon written notice to Customer of a revised version.  By using the Services, Customer agrees to the latest version of this Policy. If Customer violates the Policy or authorizes or helps others to do so, UKG may suspend use of the Services until the violation is corrected, or terminate the Agreement for cause in accordance with the terms of the Agreement.
(a)  No Illegal, Harmful, or Offensive Use or Content
Customer may not use, or encourage, promote, facilitate or instruct others to use, the Services for any illegal, harmful or offensive use, or to transmit, store, display, distribute or otherwise make available content that is illegal, harmful, or offensive. Prohibited activities or content include:
Illegal Activities. Any illegal activities, including advertising, transmitting, or otherwise making available gambling sites or services or disseminating, promoting or facilitating child pornography.
Harmful or Fraudulent Activities. Activities that may be harmful to others, UKG's operations or reputation, including offering or disseminating fraudulent goods, services, schemes, or promotions (e.g., make-money-fast schemes, ponzi and pyramid schemes, phishing, or pharming), or engaging in other deceptive practices.
Infringing Content. Content that infringes or misappropriates the intellectual property or proprietary rights of others.
Offensive Content. Content that is defamatory, obscene, abusive, invasive of privacy, or otherwise objectionable, including content that constitutes child pornography, relates to bestiality, or depicts non-consensual sex acts.
Harmful Content. Content or other computer technology that may damage, interfere with, surreptitiously intercept, or expropriate any system, program, or data, including viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, or cancelbots.
(b)  No Security Violations
Customer may not use the Services to violate the security or integrity of any network, computer or communications system, software application, or network or computing device (each, a “System”). Prohibited activities include:
Unauthorized Access. Accessing or using any System without permission, including attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of a System or to breach any security or authentication measures used by a System.  Customer will not perform any security integrity review, penetration test, load test, denial of service simulation or vulnerability scan on any System.
Interception. Monitoring of data or traffic on a System without permission.
Falsification of Origin. Forging TCP-IP packet headers, e-mail headers, or any part of a message describing its origin or route. This prohibition does not include the use of aliases or anonymous remailers.
No Use of Robots.  Customer will not use any tool designed to automatically emulate the actions of a human user (e.g., robots)
(c)  No Network Abuse
Customer may not make network connections to any users, hosts, or networks unless Customer has permission to communicate with them. Prohibited activities include:
Monitoring or Crawling. Monitoring or crawling of a System that impairs or disrupts the System being monitored or crawled.
Denial of Service (DoS). Inundating a target with communications requests so the target either cannot respond to legitimate traffic or responds so slowly that it becomes ineffective.
Intentional Interference. Interfering with the proper functioning of any System, including any deliberate attempt to overload a system by mail bombing, news bombing, broadcast attacks, or flooding techniques.
Operation of Certain Network Services. Operating network services like open proxies, open mail relays, or open recursive domain name servers.
Avoiding System Restrictions. Using manual or electronic means to avoid any use limitations placed on a System, such as access and storage restrictions.
(d)  No E-Mail or Other Message Abuse
Customer will not use the Service to distribute, publish, send, or facilitate the sending of unsolicited mass e-mail or other messages, promotions, advertising, or solicitations (like “spam”), including commercial advertising and informational announcements. Customer will not alter or obscure mail headers or assume a sender’s identity without the sender’s explicit permission. Customer will not collect replies to messages sent from another internet service provider if those messages violate this Policy or the acceptable use policy of that provider.
(e)  Monitoring and Enforcement
UKG reserves the right, but does not assume the obligation, to investigate any violation of this Policy or misuse of the Services. UKG may:
investigate violations of this Policy or misuse of the Services; or
remove, disable access to, or modify any content or resource that violates this Policy.
UKG may report any activity that it suspects violates any law or regulation to appropriate law enforcement officials, regulators, or other appropriate third parties. UKG's reporting may include disclosing appropriate customer information. UKG also may cooperate with appropriate law enforcement agencies, regulators, or other appropriate third parties to help with the investigation and prosecution of illegal conduct by providing network and systems information related to alleged violations of this Policy.
(f)  Reporting of Violations of this Policy
If Customer becomes aware of any violation of this Policy, Customer will immediately notify UKG and provide UKG with assistance, as requested, to stop or remedy the violation.