Call Free 0800 689 1060 (24 hours a day)
WEBSITE ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
This acceptable use policy sets out the terms between you and us under which you may access our website
www.thefuneralmarket.com (our site). This acceptable use policy applies to all users of, and visitors to, our site.
Your use of our site means that you accept, and agree to abide by, all the policies in this acceptable use policy, which supplement our
terms of website use TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
www.thefuneralmarket.com is a site operated by The Funeral Market Limited (we or us). We are registered in
England and Wales under company number 10717084 and we have our registered office, Brewery House, 4 Castle Street, Buckingham, MK18 1BS.
PROHIBITED USES
You may use our site only for lawful purposes. You may not use our site:
In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.
In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.
For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form
of similar solicitation (spam).
To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke
loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any
computer software or hardware.
You also agree:
Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our site in contravention of the provisions of our terms of
website use TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
any part of our site;
any equipment or network on which our site is stored;
any software used in the provision of our site; or
any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
INTERACTIVE SERVICES
We may from time to time provide interactive services on our site, including, without limitation chat rooms or
bulletin boards (interactive services).
Where we do provide any interactive service, we will provide clear information to you about the kind of service offered, if
it is moderated and what form of moderation is used (including whether it is human or technical).
We will do our best to assess any possible risks for users (and in particular, for children) from third parties when they use
any interactive service provided on our site, and we will decide in each case whether it is appropriate to use moderation of the
relevant service (including what kind of moderation to use) in the light of those risks. However, we are under no obligation to
oversee, monitor or moderate any interactive service we provide on our site, and we expressly exclude our liability for any loss
or damage arising from the use of any interactive service by a user in contravention of our content standards, whether the
service is moderated or not.
The use of any of our interactive services by a minor is subject to the consent of their parent or guardian. We advise parents who
permit their children to use an interactive service that it is important that they communicate with their children about their
safety online, as moderation is not foolproof. Minors who are using any interactive service should be made aware of the potential risks to them.
Where we do moderate an interactive service, we will normally provide you with a means of contacting the moderator, should a concern
or difficulty arise.
CONTENT STANDARDS
These content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to our site (contributions), and to any
interactive services associated with it.
You must comply with the spirit of the following standards as well as the letter. The standards apply to each part of any
contribution as well as to its whole.
Contributions must:
Be accurate (where they state facts).
Be genuinely held (where they state opinions).
Comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted.
Contributions must not:
Contain any material which is defamatory of any person.
Contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory.
Promote sexually explicit material.
Promote violence.
Promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
Infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person.
Be likely to deceive any person.
Be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence.
Promote any illegal activity.
Be threatening, abuse or invade another's privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.
Be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.
Be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person.
Give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case.
Advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
SUSPENSION AND TERMINATION
We will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of this acceptable use policy through your use of
our site. When a breach of this policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.
Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of the terms of use
TERMS AND CONDITIONS upon which you are permitted to use our
site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site.
Immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to our site.
Issue of a warning to you.
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not
limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.
Further legal action against you.
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy. The responses described
in this policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
CHANGES TO THE ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
We may revise this acceptable use policy at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page
from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are legally binding on you. Some of the provisions
contained in this acceptable use policy may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
As Seen In:
Hear From Our Customers
-Hugh Cameron.
“I have spent some considerable time going through the literature from Funeral Plan and found it to be very thorough in all aspects of what is a somewhat
depressing subject (well, it would be its my funeral!)  I know the funeral director and have the utmost faith in his ability to conduct the funeral in the best traditions  of this sad time.”
-Leslie James.
“From the first phone call we were dealt with compassion and care. I cannot
recommend them enough, the staff were so lovely and you get a designated
contact who looks after you and is your point of contact. We used them for my mum , the crematorium was in beautiful grounds and the staff there were very good too”
-Michael Gee.
“I was a little worried because I had never heard of them before but it was a caring and easy always there for me when I
wanted them can very highly recommend thank you”
-R Caton
“From the initial phione call through to the aftercare, the staff at Funeral Plan Market were kind, friendly and we were trated with respect. Everything was handled by them and we were informed of developments at every stage.”
-Andrew Smyth
“The service and organisation of all the funeral arrangements were extremely good and conducted in a caring and sympathetic style. The Celebrant was particularly wonderful.”
-Kathryn Huckle
“Having lost my daughter suddenly and unexpectedly I didn’t know what to do. we had discussed unattended cremation so I just looked online. I received an excellent and professional service nothing was too much trouble and I was kept informed”
Read all reviews
Save You Up To 40%
24 Hour Service
Packages From £999
Any Questions? We're Here To Support You 24 Hours
Click get started or Call Free on 0800 689 1060
GET STARTED
Best Price Guarantee
Home
Website Use Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Accessibility
Complaints Procedure
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Request to Withdraw Consent
Site Map
Call Me Back
The Funeral Market Limited, registered in England No. 10717084
Registered Office: Brewery House, 4 Castle Street, Buckingham, MK18 1BS.
© thefuneralmarket.com 2017 - 2022
We use cookies to give you the best experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our
Cookie Policy