We use cookies to track visits to our website, and we don't store any of your personal details. Find out more
Acceptable Use Policy
About this policy
This page sets out the terms under which you may access this website https://tghn.org and subdomains (the “site”). This Acceptable Use Policy applies to all users of, and visitors to, the site.
Your use of the site means that you accept, and agree to abide by, all the provisions of this Acceptable Use Policy, which supplement the Terms of Use.
Information about us
The Global Health Network (“TGHN”) is a collaborative project involving research organisations from all over the world.
The site has been established to achieve TGHN’s aim to facilitate collaboration and resource sharing for global health. The site operates as a network, hosting communities of practice focusing on specific therapeutic areas and research issues.
The University of Oxford (the “University”) is currently acting as the coordinator for the site infrastructure, but each community of practice is coordinated by a TGHN collaborator. A list of the current TGHN collaborators and the communities of practice they are coordinating is available here.
Any subsequent reference to the University in these terms shall include the TGHN collaborators from time to time involved in the project. However, unless expressly provided otherwise, the liability of TGHN collaborators in connection with TGHN or the site shall be several and extend only to any loss or damage arising out of their own acts and omissions.
Prohibited uses
You may use the site only for lawful purposes. You may not use the site:
in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation;
in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect;
for the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way;
to send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards
to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam); or
to knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
You also agree:
not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of the site in contravention of the provisions of the Terms of Use;
not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
any part of the site;
any equipment or network on which the site is stored;
any software used in the provision of the site; or
any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
Interactive services
The University may from time to time provide interactive services on the site, including (without limitation):
chat rooms; and
bulletin boards,
(the “interactive services”).
The University is under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any interactive service it provides on the site, and it expressly excludes liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any interactive service by a user in contravention of the content standards, whether the service is moderated or not.
The interactive services must not be used by any minor.
Where the University does moderate an interactive service, it will normally provide you with a means of contacting the moderator, should a concern or difficulty arise.
Content standards
These content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to the site (“contributions”), and to any interactive services associated with it.
You must comply with the spirit and the letter of the following standards. The standards apply to each part of any contribution as well as to its whole.
Contributions must:
be accurate (where they state facts);
be genuinely held (where they state opinions); and
comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted.
Contributions must not:
contain any material which is defamatory of any person;
contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory;
promote sexually explicit material;
promote violence;
promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person;
be likely to deceive any person;
be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence;
promote any illegal activity;
be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety;
be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person;
be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person;
give the impression that they emanate from the University, if this is not the case;
advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
Suspension and termination
The University will determine, in its absolute discretion, whether there has been a breach of this Acceptable Use Policy through your use of the site. When a breach of this Policy has occurred, the University may take such action as it deems appropriate.
Failure to comply with this Acceptable Use Policy constitutes a material breach of the Terms of Use upon which you are permitted to use the site, and may result in the University taking all or any of the following actions:
immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use the site;
immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to the site;
issue of a warning to you;
legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach;
further legal action against you; and/or
disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as the University reasonably feels is necessary.
The University excludes liability for actions taken in response to breaches of this Acceptable Use Policy. The responses described in this Policy are not limited, and the University may take any other action it reasonably deems appropriate.
Changes to the Acceptable Use Policy
The University may revise this Acceptable Use Policy at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes the University may make, as they are legally binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in this Acceptable Use Policy may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on the site.
Contact us
To contact us, please email info@theglobalhealthnetwork.org.