The Fine Print
The Fine Print
Acceptable Use PolicyLast updated: September 26, 2016This Acceptable Use Policy outlines some examples of prohibited conduct in connection with our Services. Note that any capitalized terms not defined in this Acceptable Use Policy have the meanings set forth in our Terms of Service. If you have any comments or questions about this Acceptable Use Policy, feel free to contact us.Our Services are used by millions of people to express themselves, build their brands, grow their businesses and everything in between. We’re proud of the creative and inspiring ways that people use our Services. At the same time, we expect our users to behave responsibly. As a Squarespace user, you agree not to misuse the Services or help anyone else do so. For example, you can't do any of the following in connection with the Services:1. Abusing And Disrupting The Services1.1. Don’t probe, scan or test the vulnerability of any system or network.1.2. Don’t breach or otherwise bypass any security or authentication measures.1.3. Don’t access, tamper with or use nonpublic areas or parts of the Services, or shared areas of the Services you haven't been invited to.1.4. Don’t interfere with or disrupt any user, host or network (whether it’s Squarespace’s or someone else’s), for example by distributing malware or overloading, flooding or mail-bombing any part of the Services.1.5. Don’t take apart, decompile or reverse engineer any part of the Services in an effort to access things such as source code or algorithms.1.6. Don’t access, search or create accounts for the Services by any means other than our publicly supported interfaces (for example, scraping, spidering or crawling).1.7. Don’t take any action that imposes an unreasonable load on our infrastructure or our third party providers. (We reserve the right to determine what’s reasonable.)1.8. Don’t provide your password to any other person, use any other person’s username and password, or otherwise manage the Services through shared credentials.2. Spamming And Phishing2.1. Don’t send spam or other unsolicited communications, promotions or advertisements. (We reserve the right to determine what constitutes spam.)2.2. Don’t send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information, including without limitation phishing or spoofing.3. Deceiving And Impersonating Others3.1. Don’t do anything that's false, fraudulent, inaccurate or deceiving.3.2. Don’t impersonate another person, company or entity.3.3. Don’t engage in misleading or unethical marketing or advertising.4. Stealing4.1. Don’t use unauthorized credit cards, debit cards or other unauthorized payment devices on the Services.  4.2. Don’t promote or advertise products or services other than your own without appropriate authorization.4.3. Don’t sell the Services unless specifically authorized to do so, or publish or use the Services on any network or system other than those provided by Squarespace unless previously authorized by Squarespace.5. Infringing, Misappropriating And Violating Rights5.1. Don’t infringe or misappropriate anyone’s copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights.5.2. Don’t violate anyone’s privacy or publicity rights.6. Being A Jerk6.1. Don’t do or post anything threatening, harassing, abusive, excessively violent, offensive, sexually explicit or obscene.6.2. Don’t advocate bigotry or hatred against any person or group based on their race, ethnicity, nationality, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual preference, age or disability.7. Breaking The Law7.1. Don’t use the Services in violation of any US export controls, regulations or sanctions.7.2. Don’t do anything that otherwise violates the law, including without limitation all local laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content.If we conclude that you’re violating any of these policies, or engaging in any other behavior we deem abusive or inappropriate, we may take action against your Account or Your Sites. We try to ensure fair outcomes, but in all cases we reserve the right to remove any content or suspend your Account or Your Sites, without any refund of any amounts paid for the Services, without notice, at any time and for any reason. We reserve the right to enforce, or not enforce, this Acceptable Use Policy in our sole discretion.You can report violations of these guidelines to us directly by emailing abuse@squarespace.com.We may modify this Acceptable Use Policy from time to time, and will post the most current version on our site. If a modification meaningfully reduces your rights, we'll notify you in accordance with the procedures set forth in our Terms of Service.
Back to your results
Already have a domain?
Transfer your domain to Squarespace in just a few easy steps.
All-In-One Domains Pricing
Including free SSL, free WHOIS privacy, and a spam-free parking page
Transfer your domain
Learn more about Domains