CALL US +44 (0)1462 440 084 | +1 919-882-2016
Contact
Submit RFI
Who are we?
Approach
News
Services
Biostatistics
Biostatistical Consulting
Statistical Programming
Clinical Data Management
Medical Writing
Regulatory Submission Review
Pharmacovigilance
Expertise
Clinical Trial Phases
ISS ISE Services
Therapeutic Experience
PK Analysis
CDISC Compliant/Mapping
Bayesian Adaptive Designs
Functional Service Provider
Technology
Data Quality Oversight
RSDV
Clinical Data Visualizations
Pharmacovigilance Safety Database
IQ - Integrated Quanticate®
Resources
Whitepapers
Events
Case Studies
Hemophilia Case Study
FSP Model Case Study
Biostatistics & Programming FSP Case Study
Clinical Data Management Case Study
Biosimilar Development Case Study
ISS ISE Case Study
Centralized Statistical Monitoring
What is a data-focused CRO?
Health Check
Careers
Job Locations
Graduate Jobs
Vacancies
Blog
COVID-19
Statistics Rescue Package
COVID-19 Clinical Trial Support
COVID-19 Webinar: Ensuring Scientific Integrity
Preserving Integrity of Trials During COVID-19
COVID-19 Resources
Acceptable Use Policy
1. INTRODUCTIONThis acceptable use policy sets out the terms between you and us under which you may access our website www.quanticate.com. This acceptable use policy applies to all users of, and visitors to, our site.Your use of our site means that you accept, and agree to abide by, all the policies in this acceptable use policy, which supplement our website terms of use.
2. INFORMATION ABOUT USwww.quanticate.com is a site operated by Quanticate Limited. We are a limited company registered in England and Wales under company number 06328308 and have our registered office and main trading address at Bevan House, Bevan House, 9-11 Bancroft Court, Hitchin SG5 1LH.  Our VAT number is 945682289.
3. PROHIBITED USESYou may use our site only for lawful purposes.  You may not use our site:
In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation
In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect
For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards (See Below)
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam)
To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
You also agree:
Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our site in contravention of the provisions of ourwebsite terms of use
Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:• any part of our site;• any equipment or network on which our site is stored;• any software used in the provision of our site; or• any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party
4. INTERACTIVE SERVICESWe may from time to time provide interactive services on our site, including, without limitation:
Blog responses
Form Description Fields
Where we do provide any interactive service, we will provide clear information to you about the kind of service offered, if it is moderated and what form of moderation is used (including whether it is human or technical).We will do our best to assess any possible risks for users (and in particular, for children) from third parties when they use any interactive service provided on our site, and we will decide in each case whether it is appropriate to use moderation of the relevant service (including what kind of moderation to use) in the light of those risks. However, we are under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any interactive service we provide on our site, and we expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any interactive service by a user in contravention of our content standards, whether the service is moderated or not.The use of any of our interactive services by a minor is subject to the consent of their parent or guardian. We advise parents who permit their children to use an interactive service that it is important that they communicate with their children about their safety online, as moderation is not foolproof. Minors who are using any interactive service should be made aware of the potential risks to them.Where we do moderate an interactive service, we will normally provide you with a means of contacting the moderator, should a concern or difficulty arise.
5. CONTENT STANDARDSThese content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to our site, and to any interactive services associated with it.You must comply with the spirit of the following standards as well as the letter. The standards apply to each part of any contribution as well as to its whole.Contributions must:
Be accurate (where they state facts)
Be genuinely held (where they state opinions)
Comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted
Contributions must not:
Contain any material which is defamatory of any person
Contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory
Promote sexually explicit material
Promote violence
Promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age
Infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person
Be likely to deceive any person
Be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence
Promote any illegal activity
Be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety
Be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person
Be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person
Give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case
Advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
6. SUSPENSION AND TERMINATIONWe will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of this acceptable use policy through your use of our site.  When a breach of this policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate. Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of the website terms of use upon which you are permitted to use our site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site
Immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to our site
Issue of a warning to you
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach
Further legal action against you
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy. The responses described in this policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
7. CHANGES TO THE ACCEPTABLE USE POLICYWe may revise this acceptable use policy at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are legally binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in this acceptable use policy may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
Contact Details
Address - UK HQ:
Quanticate
Bevan House,9-11 Bancroft CourtHitchin, HertfordshireSG5 1LHUnited KingdomTel:       +44 (0)1462 440 084Fax:       +44 (0)1462 440 086Email:   enquiries@quanticate.com
Address - US HQ:
Quanticate
Forum I8601 Six Forks RdSuite 400Raleigh, NC, 27615United StatesTel:       +1-919-882-2016Email:   info@quanticate.com
Quanticate
Who are we?
Services
Expertise
Technology
Resources
Careers
Blog
COVID-19
Blog Topics
SAS Programming (29)
Clinical Trials (26)
Statistical Programming (26)
FDA (24)
Clinical Programming (22)
Regulatory Requirements (20)
Biostatistics Consulting (18)
CDISC (18)
Clinical Study Design (18)
Statistical Consultancy (15)
Follow Quanticate on:
Privacy Policy |  Acceptable Use Policy  |  Terms of Use
CONTACT US