Skip to content
Acceptable Use Policy
Date: 1 February 2017
1. Acceptable Use Policy
1.1. This acceptable use policy sets out the terms between you and us under which you may access our websites, mobile applications and digital platforms (“the Services”). For the purposes of this acceptable use policy “we”, “us” , “our” and “BRE” means:
a) BRE Group Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under company number 02704081, and with a registered office of Bucknalls Lane, Garston, Watford, WD25 9XX; and
b) any BRE Group Limited subsidiary as defined under Section 1159, Companies Act 2006.
1.2. Your use of the Services means that you accept, and agree to abide by, all the policies in this acceptable use policy together with our Privacy Policy, Cookies Policy and Terms of Use Policy.
2. Prohibited uses
2.1. You may use the Services only for lawful purposes. You may not use the Services:
a) in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.
b) in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.
c) for the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.
d) to send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards.
e) to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).
f) to knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
2.2. You also agree:
a) not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of the Services in contravention of the provisions of our terms of use policy.
b) not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
(i) any part of the Services;
(ii) any equipment or network on which the Services are stored;
(iii) any software used in the provision of the Services; or
(iv) any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
3. Interactive Service
3.1. We may from time to time provide interactive services on the Services, including, without limitation:
a) chat rooms;
b) bulletin boards;
c) forums;
d) online training courses, conferences or seminars;
e) comments features;
f) live stream video features; and
g) blog services.
3.2. Where we do provide any interactive service, we will provide clear information to you about the kind of service offered, if it is moderated and what form of moderation is used (including whether it is human or technical).
3.3. We will do our best to assess any possible risks for users (and in particular for children) from third parties when they use any interactive service provided on the Services, and we will decide in each case whether it is appropriate to use moderation of the relevant service (including what kind of moderation to use) in the light of those risks. However, we are under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any interactive service we provide on the Services, and we expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any interactive service by a user in contravention of our content standards, whether the service is moderated or not.
3.4. The use of any of our interactive services by a minor is subject to the consent of their parent or guardian. We advise parents who permit their children to use an interactive service that it is important that they communicate with their children about their safety online, as moderation is not fool-proof. Minors who are using any interactive service should be made aware of the potential risks to them.
3.5. Where we do moderate an interactive service, we will normally provide you with a means of contacting the moderator, should a concern or difficulty arise
4. Content standards
4.1. These content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to the Services (“contributions”), and to any interactive services associated with it.
4.2. You must comply with the spirit and the letter of the following standards. The standards apply to each part of any contribution as well as to its whole.
4.3. Contributions must:
a) be accurate (where they state facts).
b) be genuinely held (where they state opinions).
c) comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted.
4.4. Contributions must not:
a) contain any material which is defamatory of any person;
b) contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory;
c) promote sexually explicit material;
d) promote violence;
e) promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
f) infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person;
g) be likely to deceive any person;
h) be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence;
i) promote any illegal activity;
j) be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety;
k) be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person;
l) be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person;
m) give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case; and
n) advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
5. Suspension and termination
5.1. We will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of this acceptable use policy through your use of the Services. When a breach of this policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.
5.2. Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of the terms of use upon which you are permitted to use the Services, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
a) immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use the Services;
b) immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to the Services;
c) issue of a warning to you;
d) legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach;
e) further legal action against you;
f) disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
5.3. We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy. The responses described in this policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
6. Changes to the acceptable use policy
We may revise this acceptable use policy at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are legally binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in this acceptable use policy may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on the Services.
Search for:
Recent Posts
BRE survey reveals personal security fears are on the increase
Time for change: Constructing Excellence calls for radical digital transformation in construction
BRE comments on the Chancellor’s Autumn Budget
International Well Building Institute and BRE collaborate on multiple levels to advance human health through better buildings
Bloomin’ marvellous: BREEAM certificate for Wuhan’s lily shaped low carbon building
Recent CommentsArchives
December 2017
November 2017
October 2017
September 2017
August 2017
July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
Categories
BRE in the news
Case Studies
Press Releases
Projects & Reports
Meta
Register Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
Latest Tweets
BRE Group@BRE_Group·34mHow are indoor environments impacting on children's health? @RCPCHtweets is proposing a project on the impact of indoor air pollution on children’s health in the UK. Please make sure you get involved and donate!
https://t.co/MqwyjbSxwe Reply on TwitterRetweet on Twitter1Like on Twitter1BRE Group@BRE_Group·19hWe'd welcome your views... Home Quality Mark on Twitter“Happy New Year - we are now #backtowork ! HQM ONE is open for consultation until the 9th Feb.  We have taken on board lots of #feedback from #C...twitter.comReply on TwitterRetweet on Twitter1Like on Twitter3BRE Group@BRE_Group·3 JanA reminder that you can download our National Security Survey from the SABRE website here https://t.co/vrsC5PPMxh Reply on TwitterRetweet on Twitter1Like on Twitter3
Follow us
Notice: JavaScript is required for this content.
CookiesThis site uses cookies