Acceptable Use Policy
US Internet supports our subscribers’ right to privacy. We do not exercise control over the content of information created or accessed over US Internet’s services. US Internet does not accept responsibility for the content of materials and information accessible through US Internet’s services. All persons and organizations, including US Internet subscribers, are solely responsible for all materials published to the Internet, including materials and information published using US Internet’s services. It is the sole responsibility of the persons or organizations who publish information to understand and comply with all applicable laws and regulations. US Internet reserves the right to remove any materials that may potentially violate the law or this Acceptable Use Policy. US Internet reserves the right to suspend or cancel the services of any US Internet subscriber in the event we receive complaints that the subscriber may be in violation of any applicable law or this Acceptable Use Policy. If you have complaints about any US Internet subscriber’s violation, please contact US Internet immediately.
In using US Internet’s services you agree to accept the terms of this Acceptable Use Policy and to comply with all laws and regulations. You also agree to abide by the accepted norms of the Internet community whether stated in this policy or not.
US Internet services are provided on an as available basis only. US Internet makes no guarantees on any service provided. US Internet, its subsidiaries and employees are not liable for any damages you may suffer as a result of the use of US Internet services. US Internet, its subsidiaries and employees are not liable for any loss of profit, opportunity or data which may result from any use, misuse, delay, service interruptions, non-delivery, negligence or errors in use of US Internet’s services. US Internet accepts no responsibility for the quality or accuracy of any information obtained using US Internet’s services. Subscribers are solely responsible for verifying the quality and accuracy of information they obtain through their US Internet account(s).
US Internet reserves the right to delete any mail left on US Internet’s mail servers for over 60 days. If a single mailbox exceeds 10 MB of space on US Internet’s mail servers it may be removed.
Personal web sites are provided to Internet Access subscribers free of charge. These free web sites may not exceed 10 MB of space or 250 MB of monthly traffic. In the event the site exceeds 10 MB of space it will be suspended until the subscriber brings it under 10 MB or contacts US Internet to purchase additional space.
US Internet’s Unlimited Internet Access service is intended for periodic, active use of email, newsgroups, file transfers, chat, gaming, and web browsing. Subscribers agree to use the service on these terms. You may not use the service on an inactive basis to maintain a connection. Pinging to maintain a connection is prohibited. US Internet strictly forbids simultaneous use of an account unless a multi-user account has been purchased. You may only use your US Internet account for interactive user sessions. Any unattended, inactive or unreasonably long user session may be terminated at US Internet’s discretion.
The following are violations of US Internet’s acceptable use policy:
Using US Internet’s services to engage in or support illegal activities.
Unauthorized copying or distribution of copyrighted material.
Exporting software or technical information in violation of U.S. export control laws.
Attempting to access other’s accounts or attempting to bypass the security of US Internet’s or other entities’ computer systems (hacking) without authorization.
Making fraudulent offers of services, products or items from your account.
Making threats of bodily harm or property damage to others.
Mail-bombing or news-bombing. These are defined as sending or posting multiple similar messages to an email address or newsgroup.
Using an individual’s name or likeness without authorization.
Posting or emailing “get rich quick” scams or chain letters.
Using US Internet accounts or facilities to send unsolicited email messages (Spamming).
Using a US Internet email account as a “mail drop” for replies to unsolicited messages.
Allowing others (not including members of your household) to use your US Internet account.
Attempting to login to a single user account simultaneously from more than one computer or similar device. You may contact US Internet to upgrade to a multi-user account.
Distributing computer viruses or worms using US Internet’s services or facilities.
Engaging in any activity which interferes with the service of other users.
All services are contracted on a month to month basis unless otherwise specified. Subscribers are responsible for verifying that the Dial up number provided is a local/toll-free call. US Internet is not responsible for any long distance charges incurred through use of US Internet’s services. Subscribers are responsible for all payment of their services with US Internet until service is cancelled by the subscriber. Subscribers are responsible for payment regardless of account suspension or interruption. Cancellations must be submitted in writing (email notification is acceptable). US Internet does not prorate charges for partial use of a contract term.
Spam Filtering / Anti-Virus Services Waiver of Damages
In the event that US Internet Corporation (“USI”) provides spam filtering and/or anti-virus services (“Services”) for the customer identified below (“Customer”), these services are provided “as is” without warranty or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
Spam-Filtering Acknowledgements
Customer acknowledges that no spam filtering service can eliminate all spam email. Customer also acknowledges that is it possible for some sites that voluntarily or involuntarily allow spam to be placed on the MAPS (Mail Abuse Prevention System) RBL (Real-time Blackhole List), resulting in the rejection of email from those sites by USI. Customer acknowledges that the only remedy to remove a site from the RBL is to contact MAPS at http://www.spamcop.net/.
Anti-Virus Acknowledgements
Customer acknowledges that no anti-virus service can eliminate all viruses. Customer acknowledges that Customer may still receive viruses in spite of the best efforts of USI. Customer acknowledges that it is Customer’s responsibility to employ all prudent anti-virus measures, including the operation of fully updated anti-virus software on local computing devices.
Disclaimer of Damages
Regardless of whether any remedy set forth herein fails of its essential purpose, in no event will USI be liable to Customer for any special, consequential, indirect or similar damages, including any lost profits or lost data arising out of the use or inability to use the software even if USI has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Some states do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to Customer.
In no case shall USI’s liability exceed Customer’s monthly fee for the service. The disclaimers and limitations set forth above will apply regardless of whether Customer accepts the Service.
US Internet reserves the right to modify this Acceptable Use Policy without notice at any time. The latest version will be available in the About Us section of the US Internet web site.
US Internet’s Opt-In Policy
This page is to provide a definition for the double opt-in procedures which we require for all mailing lists operated by our customers, or referencing resources hosted on our network.
Double Opt-In (also known as Confirmed Opt-in), is the only method we allow for the e-mail lists operated by our customers at US Internet. To better explain why we require this, it should be explained what Opt-In and Double Opt-In mean.
Opt-In
An opt-in list is such that a user adds his name to a list by entering his e-mail address into the system, whether through a form on a webpage or entry into a contest or some other method. After his address is entered, the user is signed up to receive e-mails from the list operator. This method is not secure, however, as any rogue user can add as many e-mail addresses into the list as he or she wishes, effectively spamming the recipients of the bulk e-mail. For this reason, we do not allow singe opt-in lists.
Double Opt-In
This method of adding users begins just as the previous: a user enters his e-mail address into the list operator’s system. However, instead of immediate mailings being sent out, the e-mail list software sends out a confirmation message, asking for the user to confirm his addition to the list. If the user replies to that message, from the e-mail address that was signed up, he will be subscribed to the list. If the user does not reply to that message, he will receive no further mailings at all. This method drastically reduces the number of unwanted e-mails being sent to unhappy recipients, and that is why we require it for all e-mail lists operated by our customers.
These methods help keep our networks and the entire Internet spam-free, and we hope you find them to be agreeable. If you have any questions regarding these policies, feel free to contact us and ask about them. We’ll be happy to point you in the right direction for information on converting your list to double opt-in.
US Internet’s suggestions on creating a good Double Opt-In list:
When creating an online signup for an e-mail list allow the customer to type in their e-mail and keep a check box unchecked so, that the customer must physically type their e-mail in and or check the box that they do want e-mails from you.
We also suggest that next to the check box or the location on where the customer is opting in that you highlight the following words:
“By agreeing to receive e-mails we will first send you a confirmation e-mail first that you must accept in order to get future e-mails.”
Opt-Out
US Internet requires an opt-out link or instructions in mass mailings. This can be a link to a website where they can unsubscribe, or instructions on who to email in order to unsubscribe. All unsubscribe requests must be taken seriously and tended to immediately upon request. This allows the customer to unsubscribe for all future mailings upon their request. Having this option also lowers the probability that your mail server IP address will be blacklisted and blocked from sending any mail at all.