Acceptable Use PolicyPurpose of this Acceptable use policyThis acceptable use policy sets out the terms between you and us under which you may access our website www.yourtestsite14.sg-host.com (our site). This acceptable use policy applies to all users of, and visitors to, our site. Your use of our site means that you accept, and agree to abide by, all the policies in this acceptable use policy, which supplement our terms of website use. www.yourtestsite14.sg-host.com is a site operated by Schneider Financial Solutions Limited (“We”). We are a limited company registered in England and Wales under company number 08668384; our registered office and main trading address is 1 King William Street, London, EC4N 7AF Schneider Financial Solutions Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FRN 724278). Prohibited uses You may use our site only for lawful purposes. You may not use our site:In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware. You also agree:Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our site in contravention of the provisions of our terms of website use.Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:any part of our site;any equipment or network on which our site is stored;any software used in the provision of our site; orany equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party. Suspension and termination We will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of this acceptable use policy through your use of our site. When a breach of this policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate. Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of the terms of use upon which you are permitted to use our site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site.  Issue of a warning to you. Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.  Further legal action against you. Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary. We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy. The responses described in this policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.  Changes to the acceptable use policy We may revise this acceptable use policy at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are legally binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in this acceptable use policy may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site. We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.Cookie SettingsAccept AllManage consent Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.   Necessary   Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.  Functional   Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.  Performance   Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.  Analytics   Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.  Advertisement   Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.  Others   Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT