Skip to the content
Download as DOCX|Additional Resources
[Example: Create your own version and remove this note and the footer before using]
Acceptable Use Policy Attachment
(for Bonterms Cloud Terms)
This Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”) sets forth rules that apply to the use of any of Provider’s Cloud Services by Customer (“you”). If referenced by the parties on their Cover Page, this AUP operates as an Attachment to an Agreement created using the Bonterms Cloud Terms. Capitalized terms not defined in this AUP have the meanings given in the Bonterms Cloud Terms.
Content Restrictions. You will not upload, store, post or transmit content that:
Is obscene, defamatory, deceptive, harassing, threatening, hateful or discriminatory;
Violates anyone else’s intellectual property, privacy, publicity or other rights;
Violates applicable laws or regulations; or
Contains viruses, malware, malicious code or similar harmful materials.
Prohibited Conduct. You will not:
Engage in deceptive or illegal activities (including, “spoofing”, “phishing” or pyramid or similar schemes);
Transmit spam or other unsolicited communications to other users;
Publish benchmark or performance information about the Cloud Service without our consent;
Use the Cloud Service in violation of data, privacy or other applicable laws or regulations;
Use the Cloud Service to engage in, promote, support or facilitate hateful, discriminatory or violent activities, whether online or offline; or
Engage in any activity that we reasonably determine on advice of counsel will cause liability to us.
No Disruption. You will not:
Access the Cloud Service through means we did not authorize (for instance, scraping, crawling or penetration testing);
Disable or interfere with the Cloud Service or circumvent any of our security or access controls; or
Try to access other users’ data or accounts without their express permission.
Others. You will not permit or encourage others to commit any of the actions above.
We may monitor compliance with this AUP and investigate any violations. If we determine that you or your content violates this AUP, we may remove or suspend access to your content or invoke our suspension rights under the Agreement (see Section 13 of the Bonterms Cloud Terms (Suspension)).
We may report any activity that we suspect violates any law or regulation to law enforcement officials, regulators or other appropriate third parties, and cooperate with them to investigate and prosecute illegal conduct. Our reporting may include disclosing information related to the violation of this AUP.
[DELETE THIS FOOTER BEFORE USING:
Example Acceptable Use Policy Attachment for Bonterms Cloud Terms
Made available under CC0 1.0 – you may freely use, modify or distribute without attribution.
Bonterms does not provide legal advice, does not guarantee the enforceability or effect of these terms and has no liability relating to use of these terms.]
Cloud Terms
SLA
Mutual NDA
Videos
FAQ
Committee
News
About
Our Story
Careers
Contact
Bonterms Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Bonterms provides self-service forms and general information intended to be used only with independent legal review. Make sure to have a lawyer review any forms we provide before use in any circumstance. Bonterms is not a law firm. The information we provide is not a substitute for legal advice. Communications with us are not protected by attorney-client privilege or the duty of confidentiality. We do not review any information you provide us nor offer any opinions or advice about the appropriateness of the use of any form or other materials we provide in any particular circumstance. Your access to the forms and our website is subject to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Watch our How-to-Use and Success Videos!
Watch Videos
This is default text for notification bar
Learn more