Last edited on Dec 22, 2020
Mediacom Communications Corporation Residential Acceptable Use Policy (AUP)
This Residential Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”) is part of your Agreement for Mediacom Internet access service (the “Service”) and supplements the Mediacom Residential Customer and User Agreement. Your use of the Service can affect other users and Mediacom’s network; the following policies ("Policies") provide guidance on how you are expected to use the Service so that Mediacom can provide high-quality Internet access service and ensure the integrity, security and reliability of Mediacom’s network.
These Policies are not meant to be exhaustive. If any example is given (through the use of the words "such as," "for example," "e.g." or otherwise) of the meaning, intent or operation of such provision, such example is intended to be illustrative only and not exclusive or limiting. Unless the context otherwise unambiguously requires, the word "or" means "and/or." The term "person" is to be broadly construed and includes any natural person or any corporation, trust, association, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture or other entity. The headings used in these Policies shall not affect in any way their meaning or interpretation.
VIOLATION OF THESE POLICIES BY YOU MAY RESULT IN SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCESS TO THE SERVICES OR YOUR SERVICE ACCOUNT AND OTHER CONSEQUENCES AS DETAILED UNDER “CONSEQUENCES IF YOU VIOLATE THESE POLICIES” BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS, YOU SHOULD IMMEDIATELY STOP USE OF THE SERVICE.
1. Mediacom's Rights
Including statements regarding Mediacom’s rights in this AUP is intended solely to confirm that you agree that Mediacom may take any of the actions stated without violating your rights and without incurring any liability to you as a result of any such action we take or its consequences. The fact that we reserve these rights does not mean that Mediacom has, and we disclaim, any control over or responsibility or liability for your postings, messages, content, actions or omissions or those of any other user of your account, any other Mediacom customer, any operator of any Website or Internet resource or any other third party. The fact that we reserve these rights with respect to you or other Service users does not create any obligation to exercise them, nor does any exercise of any such right in any one or more instances create any obligation to exercise them in similar or other instances. Mediacom further disclaims any obligation or liability to customer or user because Mediacom may have chosen not to exercise such rights with respect to another customer or user.
The failure of Mediacom to enforce these Policies, for whatever reason, shall not be construed as a waiver of any right to do so at any time. You agree that, if any portion of this AUP is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion will be construed consistent with applicable law as nearly as possible, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect.
Revisions to these Policies. Mediacom may at any time and from time to time modify, supplement, replace or otherwise change these Policies, in whole or in part, effective when posted here or on any Mediacom Website. Notice may also be provided via electronic mail, regular mail or other appropriate method. Accordingly, you should consult these Policies regularly to ensure that your activities conform to the most recent version. In the event of a conflict between the express terms of your applicable Agreement and the express terms of these Policies, the terms of these Policies shall govern.
Prohibit or stop use. Mediacom reserves the right to prohibit or take action to stop or prevent activities that, in its sole discretion, harm or may harm the Service, Mediacom’s network, or Mediacom or its commercial reputation and goodwill. Mediacom has included examples of uses and activities that are prohibited in the section Prohibited Uses and Activities below.
Require change in use of Service or change in Service Level; Implement programs to ensure network security and integrity. Where use of the Service is not characteristic of a typical user of the Service, as determined by Mediacom in its sole discretion, Mediacom may require you to alter the manner in which you are using the Service or require you to change your Service Level so that your use does not have a negative impact on Mediacom’s network or impair or impede others’ use of the Service. In addition, Mediacom may implement programs designed to ensure its network security and integrity and place you in any such program, with or without notice to you.
Monitor Use. Mediacom reserves the right, without notice to you, to monitor content and transmissions electronically from time to time, and subject to certain conditions, to disclose any information it learns as a result to governmental authorities or other third parties, or block or remove them to enforce the restrictions in these Policies and the Customer Agreements. Mediacom expressly disclaims any responsibility for any offense or injury arising out of your or others' access to or dissemination of any content posted or transmitted.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Mediacom also reserves the right, without notice to you, to:
Refuse to permit you or other users of your account to post, transmit or store messages or material that we deem unacceptable, undesirable, offensive or in violation of your Customer and User Agreement, these Policies, other requirements applicable to the Service, law or third-party rights.
Use content "spiders" or other technology that accesses your postings, messages, computer or data files to search for or detect such messages or material.
Block, filter or remove any such messages or material.
Block or discontinue access to any newsgroup, bulletin board, forum, Website or other resource that would otherwise be accessible through the Service or the Internet.
Investigate suspected or reported violations. Mediacom reserves the right to investigate suspected violations of these Policies, including the gathering of information from the user or users involved. During an investigation, Mediacom may suspend the account or accounts involved and/or remove or block material that potentially violates this Policy. You expressly authorize and consent to Mediacom and its suppliers cooperating with (i) law enforcement authorities in the investigation of suspected legal violations, and (ii) and system administrators at other Internet service providers or other network or computing facilities in order to enforce this Policy. Upon termination of your Service account, Mediacom is authorized to delete any files, programs, data, e-mail and other messages associated with your account (and any secondary accounts).
Suspend Service or access to Service account; Terminate Service. Mediacom reserves the right to suspend or terminate Service or access to Service accounts during investigations of suspected or reported violations of these Policies and after determination that any violation has occurred.
Use third parties in providing the Service. In providing the Service, Mediacom may use the services, equipment and infrastructure and content of affiliates, software licensors, network "backbone" providers, and other contractors, suppliers and third parties. Each such person is expressly made a third-party beneficiary of these Policies and the disclaimers, exclusions and limitations of warranties and liabilities, and Your indemnification obligations, stated in these Policies and in your applicable Customer and User Agreement. This means that each is entitled to directly assert and enforce against you these Policies and those disclaimers, exclusions, limitations and obligations in its, his or her own name and right. Otherwise, there are no third-party beneficiaries of these Policies.
2. Use; Customer and User Obligations
In using the Service, in addition to these Policies, you must comply with all applicable federal, state, local and international laws, regulations and other governmental requirements as well as all terms of use and policies of any websites you may visit or online services that you may use or access.
Residential Use. The Service is designed for residential use only. In using the internet, typical residential use involves more downstream usage than upstream usage (information flows to your device more than from it--for example, streaming videos is downstream usage while uploading documents or pictures to cloud storage is upstream usage). Therefore, Mediacom has designed the Service considering such usage patterns. You will not use, or enable others to use, the Service to operate any type of business or commercial enterprise. Authorized users of the Service are you (the customer), members of your household and your guests. You are responsible for all use of the Service whether you have authorized or know of such use, including unauthorized use of the Service because you fail to apply adequate security measures.
Bandwidth Usage. Mediacom has implemented monthly bandwidth usage allowances for each of its levels of internet service. Bandwidth refers to the total amount of data transferred, both downstream and upstream, over an internet connection. Mediacom’s monthly bandwidth usage allowance is not a cap, meaning that you may exceed your monthly bandwidth usage allowance, but you will be charged for such overage in accordance with our policy detailed under Data Bandwidth Consumption below. Please note that in using the Service you may be under your total bandwidth usage allowance but still have a negative impact on Mediacom’s network. Use that causes a negative impact on Mediacom’s network is prohibited and Mediacom may implement necessary network programs to address such use or such use may result in suspension or termination of your access to the Service.
Securing Devices. We do not have control over the behavior of our customers or other third parties. Accordingly, by publishing these Policies, we do not promise you that all of our customers will abide by them. It is your responsibility to take precautions to secure Mediacom Equipment, Customer Equipment and programs not provided by Mediacom that connect to the Service from unauthorized access, viruses, spam, bot nets and other security threats and to restrict access by your children to pornography and other content you think is inappropriate.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each computer or other device used with the Service must be maintained in accordance with generally accepted security principles. Without limitation, each user must:
Keep computer operating system up to date with the latest service packs and operating system patches.
Implement standard anti-virus practices ("virus" refers to the entire group of destructive software including but not limited to viruses, worms and Trojans), which include but are not limited to:
Using security software such as Computer Associates, Norton Internet Security or McAfee or other anti-virus program with up-to-date virus definitions;
Performing a full scan of each hard disk for viruses at least weekly; and
Exercising reasonable judgment about handling email and other files that are likely virus carriers. (Do not open email or email attachments that come from unknown sources or that have unexpected subject headings or that show evidence of multiple forwarding.)
Enable the firewall built into your operating system or a third-party firewall program such as Norton Internet Security, Zone Alarm Pro or other personal firewall software.
Scan each computer at least once weekly with Anti-Spyware programs such as Spybot and Adaware or other Spyware detection and removal tool.
Immediately resolve any known security problems with your computer, software or stored data.
Users of the Service who connect to the Internet through a wireless modem, router or other device are required to take the additional security measures that are recommended by the manufacturer of the wireless device used or security experts. You should consult the user manuals or other literature that was included with your wireless device, visit the areas of the manufacturer's website that contains security information and/or consult reliable sources of information about wireless security available on the Internet.
Mediacom is not obligated to provide any type of security system, either hardware or software, to subscribers or users for the purpose of preventing unauthorized access. If Mediacom does provide any such hardware or software, it is not responsible or liable if it does not work as intended or is otherwise ineffective. Mediacom is not responsible or liable if use of any security method, software, tool or other measure that Mediacom requires, recommends or provides does not prove to be adequate to prevent damage to or loss or destruction of any software, files or data resulting from any virus, bomb, worm or other harmful item or unauthorized access to or use of your computer or other equipment, account, files or data. You assume all risk of accessing content through the Service. Mediacom and its affiliates, licensors, contractors and suppliers do not assume any responsibility for the content contained on the Internet or otherwise available through the Service and they shall not have any liability for any claims relating to access to such content. Content questions or complaints should be addressed to the content provider.
Software programs claiming to be capable of restricting access to sexually explicit material on the Internet are commercially available. Mediacom, however, makes no representation or warranty about their effectiveness and it is your obligation to determine if they meet your needs.
3. Prohibited Uses and Activities
It is a violation of these Policies to use the Service in a manner that is illegal, infringes the rights of others, interferes with or diminishes the use and enjoyment of the Service by others, or harms or may harm Mediacom’s network security or integrity. Should Mediacom determine, in its sole discretion, that you are misusing the Service, Mediacom may terminate or suspend your access to the Service or to your Service account. In addition, certain uses and activities may result in criminal or civil liability.
For example, prohibited uses and activities include, but are not limited to, using the Service, Mediacom Equipment or Customer Equipment to:
Disrupt, degrade or otherwise adversely affect Mediacom’s network or equipment owned by Mediacom or other Mediacom customers.
Excessively using bandwidth, whether upstream or downstream, that in Mediacom’s sole opinion, places an unusually large burden on the network or goes above normal usage. Mediacom has the right to impose limits on excessive bandwidth consumption via any means available to Mediacom.
Directly or indirectly interfere with or gain or attempt to gain access to our or any other person's network, network access or control device, system, server, computer, software or data without the knowledge and consent of us or such other person (as the case may be). Including the use or distribution of tools designed for compromising security, such as password guessing programs, cracking tools, packet sniffers or network probing tools.
Directly or indirectly  host, access, download, store, post, disseminate, transmit or re-transmit offensive or seditious materials, including, without limitation, threatening, harassing, malicious, racist, defamatory, libelous, treasonous, excessively violent, obscene, pornographic, indecent or hateful materials or materials constituting or encouraging conduct that violates any law, regulation or order, or provides guidance, or provides guidance, information or assistance with respect to causing damage or security breaches to Mediacom's network or to the network of any other Internet service provider.
Violate the copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other property rights of any person, including, but not limited to, by downloading, using or distributing any music or other audio files, video, photographs or other visual material or any article, publication or other content without the permission of the owner.
You should be aware that many music and movie files found on the Internet today are pirated copies of copyrighted materials, and the use or distribution of such pirated files is a violation of these Polices and copyright law.
Directly or indirectly use the Service to send mass or other duplicative unsolicited e-mail messages (commercial or other) or to send any other unsolicited e-mail that provokes or, in Mediacom's opinion, is likely to provoke complaints.
A message is unsolicited if sent to a recipient who has not requested or invited the message. Mediacom reserves the right to decide, in its sole discretion, whether duplicative or mass e-mail messages are unsolicited. A complaint by the recipient is presumptive evidence that the message was unsolicited.
Directly or indirectly restrict, inhibit or otherwise interfere with the ability of any other person to use or enjoy the Service or the Internet including, without limitation, posting or transmitting any information or software which contains a worm, virus, or other harmful feature, or generating levels of traffic sufficient to impede others' ability to use, send, or retrieve information.
You may not mislead anyone as to your identity, including, without limitation, by pretending to be someone else, falsifying address information or modifying headers to conceal your true identity. This policy is not intended to disallow the use of screen-names, aliases or anonymous remailers for any legitimate purpose.
Without limiting the scope of this Policy, you may not use the Service to engage in any form of activity commonly called "phishing," such as sending emails that falsely claim to be from a legitimate enterprise in an effort to induce recipients to surrender private information that will be used for raiding bank accounts, identity theft or other illegal or illegitimate purposes.
Use or run dedicated, stand-alone equipment or servers from your premises that provide network content or any other services to anyone outside of your premises. Examples of prohibited equipment and servers include, but are not limited to, email, Web hosting, file sharing, and proxy services and servers.
Resell the Service or otherwise make available to anyone outside your premises the ability to use the Service (for example, though Wi-Fi or other methods of networking), in whole or in part, directly or indirectly. The Service is for personal use only and you agree not to use the Service for operation as an Internet service provider.
Connect the Mediacom Equipment to any computer outside of your premises.
Interfere with computer networking or telecommunications service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, denial of service attacks, flooding of a network, over loading the Service, improper seizing and abusing operator privileges, and attempts to "crash" a host.
Access or use the Service with anything other than a dynamic Internet Protocol ("IP") address that adheres to the dynamic host configuration protocol ("DHCP"). You may not configure the Service or any related equipment to access or use a static IP address or use any protocol other than DHCP unless you are subject to a Service plan that expressly permits you to do so.
You must not use any of the corporate or business names, logos or trade or service names or marks of Mediacom or any of its affiliates, licensors, contractors or suppliers unless and to the extent you are expressly and specifically authorized to do so by a written agreement with us or the owner of such name, logo or mark.
4. Network Management
Mediacom manages its network with one goal: to deliver the best possible broadband Internet experience to all of its customers. High-speed bandwidth and network resources are not unlimited. If the company did not manage its network, its customers would be subject to the negative effects of spam, viruses, security attacks, network congestion, and other risks and degradations of service. By engaging in responsible network management, Mediacom can deliver the best possible broadband Internet experience to all of its customers.
The company uses reasonable network management practices that are consistent with industry standards. While Mediacom tries to use tools and technologies that are minimally intrusive, its network management practices will change and evolve along with the uses of the Internet and the challenges and threats on the Internet. The tools and techniques that Mediacom uses to manage its network can and do change frequently. For example, these network management activities may include, but may not be limited to: (i) identifying spam and preventing its delivery to customer e-mail accounts, (ii) detecting malicious Internet traffic and preventing the distribution of viruses or other harmful code or content, (iii) temporarily delaying or terminating to or from high-bandwidth users during periods of high network congestion, and (iv) using other tools and techniques that Mediacom may be required to implement in order to meet its goal of delivering the best possible broadband Internet experience to all of its customers.
If you use the Service in violation of the restrictions referenced above, that is a violation of this Policy. In these cases, Mediacom may, in its sole discretion, suspend or terminate your Service account or request that you subscribe to a different version of the Service if you wish to continue to use the Service at higher bandwidth consumption levels. Mediacom may also provide versions of the Service with different speed and bandwidth consumption limitations, among other characteristics, subject to applicable Service levels.
5. Data Bandwidth Consumption
Mediacom applies a monthly bandwidth usage allowance (“Monthly Usage Allowance”) to each of its internet service levels. Customers to one of the following service levels shall be subject to the stated Monthly Usage in the table below:
Service Level
Download/Upload Speed
Monthly Usage Allowance
(in Gigabytes (GB))
Access Internet 60
60Mbps/5Mbps
200 GB
Internet 60 **
(formerly Launch**)
60Mbps/5Mbps
350 GB
Internet 100**
(formerly Prime**)
100Mbps/5Mbps
500GB
Internet 100
(formerly Prime Plus, Ultra or Internet 60**)
100Mbps/10Mbps
1000 GB
Internet 300
(formerly Prime Plus or Internet 200**)
300Mbps/30Mbps
2000 GB
1 Gig Internet** (formerly Internet 500**)
1000Mbps/50Mbps
4000 GB
1 Gig Internet
1000Mbps/50Mbps
6000 GB
** Limited availability. Internet service is no longer available for new subscriptions.
Service levels, the amount of any Monthly Usage Allowance or whether a Monthly Usage Allowance is associated with any particular Service level are subject to change at any time in Mediacom's sole discretion. The Monthly Usage Allowance does not: (a) give Customers or any user a right to any bandwidth at any particular moment in time; or (b) carry-over from month to month. Measurement of the Monthly Usage Allowance resets on the first day of the billing cycle, regardless of actual usage during the prior billing cycle. Bandwidth usage is measured for each monthly billing cycle, not by calendar month. The amount of bandwidth usage of Customer's account is the sole responsibility of Customer, whether or not such usage was by Customer or authorized by Customer. You can check your bandwidth usage by logging into your Mediacom “My Account” at https://support.mediacomcable.com/#!/Log/In.
If bandwidth usage of an account exceeds the amount of the applicable Monthly Usage Allowance, Mediacom may charge and Customer agrees to pay an additional monthly usage fee equal to ten dollars ($10) for each additional whole or partial block of 50 GB of usage (“Additional Monthly Usage Fee”). For example, if the Monthly Usage Allowance is 150 GB and 151 GB are actually used, the Additional Monthly Usage Fee would be $10. If the actual usage was 201GB, then the Additional Monthly Usage Fee would be $20. Additional Monthly Usage Fees are not prorated for partial billing cycles. The amount of the Additional Monthly Usage Fee does not include any applicable fees and taxes. The amount of the Additional Monthly Usage Fee and any limits on such amounts are subject to change at any time by Mediacom in its sole discretion. Additional Monthly Usage Fees will not appear on Customer's bills until the billing cycle after the Monthly Usage Allowance was exceeded. Any waiver of its right to bill, or rescission of any Additional Monthly Usage Fees in whole or in part by Mediacom, shall not constitute a future waiver of its right to charge and Customer's obligation to pay future Additional Monthly Usage Fees. Although Mediacom may attempt in the ordinary course of business to inform Customer prior to exceeding a Monthly Usage Allowance, whether or not Mediacom undertakes such attempt, or whether or not such attempt is successful, shall not affect Customer's obligation to pay any Additional Monthly Usage Fees. In addition to charging an Additional Monthly Usage Fee, Mediacom may reduce transmission speed or other Service parameters, limit, suspend or terminate the Service or take other actions.
6. Consequences if You Violate These Policies
You are contractually obligated to abide by these Policies when using the Service and, if you are a subscriber to the Service, to ensure that other individuals who use the Service through your account likewise comply.
Any violation of any of these Policies may result in a demand for immediate removal of offending material, temporary or permanent filtering, blocked access, suspension or termination of all or part of the Service, or other action appropriate to the violation, as determined by Mediacom in its sole discretion. When appropriate in Mediacom's sole judgment, it is Mediacom's preference to give notice so that violations may be addressed voluntarily; however, Mediacom reserves the right and the sole discretion to act without notice. Mediacom may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement if criminal or other illegal activity is suspected. Violators may also be subject to civil or criminal liability under applicable law.
Neither Mediacom nor any of its affiliates, licensors, contractors or suppliers shall have any liability for any such responsive actions.
Mediacom is not responsible for the forwarding of e-mail sent to any account that has been suspended or terminated. Such e-mail will be returned to sender, ignored, deleted, or stored temporarily at Mediacom's sole discretion.
If you or any person using the Service through your account violates these policies, the foregoing shall not in any way limit Mediacom's rights or remedies under law, your applicable Customer and User Agreement or otherwise available. In addition, you agree to reimburse and indemnify Mediacom and its affiliates, employees, licensors, contractors, suppliers and agents for all claims, suits, proceedings, investigations, liabilities, damages, judgments, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, that directly or indirectly resulting from, arising out of or related to any such violation.
7.  How You Can Report Suspected Violations
Any complaints regarding violations of this Policy by any Mediacom customer should be directed to your local Mediacom cable system at the address and telephone number stated on your bills for the Service. Where possible, include details that would assist Mediacom in investigating and resolving the complaint (i.e., expanded headers and a copy of the offending transmission).
Questions regarding these policies can be directed by you or, if you are not a subscriber to the Service, by the subscriber whose account you use to access the Service to the appropriate local Mediacom cable system at the address and telephone number appearing on the bills for the Service.