Jump to navigation
Home › Acceptable Use Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Last updated: June 23, 2015
SCOPE
This Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”) governs the use of the treasury management solution, software-as-a-service platform, products, services and other offerings (the “Services”) made available by Kyriba Corp., and/or its suppliers, affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “Kyriba”). This AUP is an integral part of your agreement with Kyriba and is incorporated by reference into the terms pursuant to which Kyriba provides you the right to access and use the Services (the “Agreement”). The purpose of this AUP is to describe permissible and impermissible use of the Services and to ensure that the use of the Services is in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. “You,” “your,” or “Customer,” refers to you, a user of the Services.
By using the Services, Customer agrees to comply with this AUP. Kyriba reserves the right to change or modify the terms of this AUP at any time, effective when posted on Kyriba’s web site at www.kyriba.com. Customer’s use of the Service after changes to this AUP are posted shall constitute acceptance of any changed or additional terms.
PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES
The prohibited uses described in this section are intended as general guidelines regarding improper and inappropriate conduct, and should not be interpreted as an exhaustive list.
General Prohibitions
Customer shall use the Services exclusively for authorized and legal purposes, consistent with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, including those related to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, the HK Prevention of Bribery Ordinance 1970, export control, spamming, privacy, data protection, intellectual property, consumer and child protection, pornography, obscenity or defamation. Customer agrees that it will not, and will not permit any employee or service provider of Customer who has been assigned a unique user name and password and issued a service token to access and use the Services (“Authorized User”) or other third party to: (a) copy, modify, adapt, alter, translate, display or use the Services, except as expressly allowed herein or in the applicable documentation; (b) sublicense, lease, rent, loan, distribute, resell, provide access to the Services on a time-share or service bureau basis, or otherwise transfer the Services, including, as applicable, the documentation, software, associated user interfaces, help resources, and any related technology or services Kyriba makes available via the Services and the internet, and all updates and upgrades thereto, if any, to any third party; (c) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise derive or determine or attempt to derive or determine the source code (or the underlying ideas, algorithms, structure or organization) of the Services; (d) contest or do or aid others in contesting or doing anything which impairs the validity of any proprietary or intellectual property rights, title, or interest of Kyriba in and to the Services; (e) obliterate, alter, or remove any proprietary or intellectual property notices from the Services in physical or electronic form; (f) use the Services to interfere with, gain unauthorized access to, or otherwise violate the security of Kyriba’s or another party’s server, network, network access, personal computer or control devices, software or data, or other system, or to attempt to do any of the foregoing; (g) use the Services to violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance or regulation; or (h) use the Services to transmit, publish, or distribute any material or information (1) that contains a computer virus or other code, files, or programs designed to disrupt or interfere with the functioning of the Services, (2) for which Customer does not have all necessary rights and licenses, including any material or information that infringes, violates, or misappropriates the intellectual property rights of any third party, or (3) that is or that may reasonably be perceived as being harmful, threatening, offensive, obscene, or otherwise objectionable.
Customer Information
Uploading, inputting or storing information protected under the privacy or security regulations issued pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 or subject to the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act into the Services is prohibited. Customer shall not upload, input or store non-public sensitive or personally identifiable information including but not limited to driver’s license numbers, passport numbers, social security, personal tax ID or similar numbers, personal credit card, and personal financial or health information into the Services.
U.S. Government Restricted Rights
The Services are provided with restricted rights. Use, duplication, or disclosure by the U.S. Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c) of The Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013, or subparagraphs (b)(1) and (2) of the Commercial Computer Software - Restricted Rights at 48 CFR 52.227-19, as applicable. The Manufacturer is Kyriba Corp. or one of its affiliates.
USER ACCOUNT
Customer acknowledges and agrees that only Authorized Users are entitled to access the Services. Customer is responsible and liable for any violation of the terms and conditions of this AUP or the Agreement by any Authorized User.
Customer is solely responsible for the security of its login information, service token and similar access information (collectively “Login Information”), for the use or misuse of such Login Information and all activities that occur through the use of such Login Information or as a result of your access to the Services. Customer acknowledges and agrees that Kyriba may provide access to or use of the Services to anyone utilizing Customer’s Login Information or who is otherwise authorized by Customer to use or access the Services on Customer’s behalf. Customer will immediately disable such Authorized User’s access if an Authorized User is no longer authorized to use the Login Information or otherwise use or access the Services.
Customer shall promptly notify Kyriba of any suspected or alleged violation of the terms and conditions of this AUP or the Agreement, and shall reasonably cooperate with Kyriba with respect to the investigation of any suspected or alleged violation of this AUP or the Agreement. Kyriba may suspend, modify, restrict or terminate any of all Services or Customer’s access to the Services if Kyriba reasonably suspects or determines that any Authorized User has violated the terms and conditions of this AUP or the Agreement.
STATISTICAL DATA
Kyriba may monitor, collect and use data pertaining to the use of the Services to extract, compile, synthesize, and analyze any non-personally and non-Customer identifiable data or information resulting from Customer’s use of the Services (“Statistical Data”).
Kyriba may only use Statistical Data for  research, development (including to improve the Services and develop new products) and marketing purposes and may only publicly disclose such Statistical Data in an aggregated format that in no way identifies Customer, any particular Authorized User, and/or Customer's confidential information (e.g., Kyriba may disclose statistical and performance information related to the provision and operation of the Services, including aggregate number and volume of transactions processed for all its hosted customers).
CONTACT US
If you have questions or concerns related to this AUP or if you become aware of any violation of this AUP by any person, please contact Kyriba as follows:
ATTN: General Counsel, Kyriba Corp.
9620 Towne Centre Drive, Suite 250
San Diego, California 92121
legal_corp@kyriba.com
Connect
1-855-KYRIBA-0
Follow Us On
Linked In
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Glassdoor
Slideshare
Google+
Contact Kyriba >>
Featured Content
Why choose Kyriba for your treasury & risk management needs
DOWNLOAD eBOOK >>
Treasury Best Practices Webinar Series
REGISTER >>
Why Treasurers should adopt multilateral netting
MORE BLOG POSTS >>
Spotify Makes Treasury Music, Wins International EuroFinance Award for Treasury Excellence
MORE PRESS RELEASES >>