Forbin and its affiliates provide to business and consumer users several information technology related services, including such services as Internet access, various electronic mail (e-mail) packages and services, World Wide Web hosting arrangements, server co-location and other online and Internet-related services.
It is contrary to Forbin policy for any user of any of these services to effect or participate in any of the following activities through a Forbin- provided service:
To post ten (10) or more messages similar in content to Usenet or other newsgroups, forums, e-mail mailing lists or other similar groups or lists;
To post to any Usenet or other newsgroup, forum, e-mail mailing list or other similar group or list articles which are off-topic according to the charter or other owner-published FAQ or description of the group or list;
To send unsolicited e-mailings to more than twenty-five (25) e-mail users, if such unsolicited e-mailings could reasonably be expected to provoke complaints;
To falsify user information provided to Forbin or to other users of the service in connection with use of a Forbin service; and
To engage in any of the foregoing activities by using the service of another provider, but channeling such activities through a Forbin account, re-mailer, or otherwise through a Forbin service or using a Forbin account as a mail-drop for responses or otherwise using the services of another provider for the purpose of facilitating the foregoing activities if such use of another party's service could reasonably be expected to adversely affect a Forbin service.
To use Forbin services for illegal activities and activities harmful to others computers, data, software or networks including but not limited to hacker activities, virus creation and distribution, denial of services attacks, e-mail bombs etc.
To use Forbin services to post the following on the Internet
7.1. Copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other intellectual property infringement, including but not limited to offering pirated computer programs or links to such programs, serial or registration numbers for software programs, copyrighted music, copyrighted images; copyrighted texts etc.
7.2. Displaying material that exploits children under 18 years of age;
7.3. Displaying material containing nudity or pornographic material of any kind
7.4. Providing material that is offensive to the Online community, including but not limited to profanity, bigotry, prejudice, racism, hatred, etc.
7.5. Promoting or providing information about illegal activities, promoting physical harm or injury against any group or individual, or promoting any act of cruelty to animals;
7.6. Defaming any person or group;
7.7. Promoting or soliciting for participation in multilevel marketing or pyramid schemes.
7.8. Gathering personally identifiable information for unlawful purposes.
Whiteboard wisdom: Excuses are what keeps us from doing quality work and achieving our goals.Check out Exchange State Bank (http://t.co/SGxlnbFCgM), one of our latest websites to go live! http://t.co/XnVPHTOCLo http://t.co/7yGFtZfWje
Request a quote
Please describe your project fully so we can follow up with a more accurate quote.
I need an update!
If you need to upload or add a document, image, etc. - please email web updates directly to attach your documents.