Domain Subscriber Acceptable Use Policy
Home  Domain Subscriber Acceptable Use Policy
Domain Subscriber Acceptable Use Policy
1. INTRODUCTION
This Acceptable Use Policy is applicable to your use of the domain.com.au Platform to display residential property listings for sale or for rent, agent profile information and the domain.com.au Agent Admin System to upload property listings for display on the domain.com.au Platform.You must abide by the provisions of this Acceptable Use Policy and adhere to the Advertising Terms & Conditions found here:
2. ADMINISTRATION
Non Traditional Business Model businesses, including For Sale by Owners & Agent Aggregators cannot list under a standard subscription. These businesses must apply for a separate subscription for private sale listings or Commercial Properties. The same applies for Agent Aggregator businesses.
No more than one Real Estate Office may list the same property where the offices purporting to list the property are majority-owned (directly or indirectly) by the same person or corporate entity (“Affiliated Offices”). Where there is a joint listing authority in place between a vendor and such Affiliated Offices, then we reserve the right to choose which office may list the property on the domain.com.au Platform, or refuse to list the property altogether.
3. CONTENT
It is unacceptable to list anything other than real property for sale or lease. For example: cars, boats, caravans, businesses, services or portable homes are not acceptable listings on domain.com.au.
You cannot list properties on the residential section of domain.com.au that appear generic.  Each listing must have a specific address or lot number.  For example, using phrases such as ‘various properties available’ or mentioning a neighbourhood only, is unacceptable.
You must only use the information, description or picture fields for inserting information that is intended for those fields. For example, inserting the name or contact details of your business or agency in the description header or property description field is not acceptable.
You cannot use any section on domain.com.au to defame or discredit another person or business, or to disclose private, personal or confidential information.
It is unacceptable to advertise holiday rentals in the ‘Rent’ section of the Service.  Only properties available for vacant possession for a period of six (6) months or greater may be advertised in this section.    We will use our discretion to deem whether a rental listing of a duration of under 6 months is a holiday rental.
At our discretion, we will allow individual rooms within a complex (regardless of whether they share amenities or common areas), providing they are rented on a separate tenancy agreement For example; Boarding Houses or individual rooms within a student accommodation building.
You cannot list properties for sale in the ‘Rent’ section and list properties for rent in the ‘Buy’ section. In addition, you cannot load ‘Sold’ properties into the ‘Buy’ section of domain.com.au.
Failing to use your best endeavours to transfer a property to the sold database or remove a property from the domain.com.au Platform as soon as possible after it has been sold (within 72 hours), will result in the listing being removed from the domain.com.au Platform.
Within 72 hours of a leasing contract being entered into in respect of a rental property, you must remove the listing from our Rent section.  Failure to comply will result in the listing being removed from the Platform.
‘Under Offer’ listings, may only be updated once with the same agency and can only remain on site for a maximum of fourteen (14) days before it must be moved to the Sold Section or reverted to a price range.  Failure to adhere to this condition will result in the listing being removed from the domain.com.au Platform altogether.
The exception is WA, where Under Offer/Contract listings may stay on the site for up to 30 days.
You must not remove and relist the same property in order for the listing to appear as a new listing. This also applies where:
(a)    A property is removed from and then placed back on the market with a new authority to the same
agent or agency if the property has been off the market (and off the Site) for less than 60 days; or
(b)    The property is removed by one office and then listed by an Affiliated Office within 60 days of the
removal.
4. ARTWORK
You cannot insert a business or agency logo as a picture in a property listing.  Similarly, you cannot display text within a photograph or upload a drawing of the property.
You cannot load images with watermarks across them, and/or boarders. Click here to view Logo watermark specifications.
‘Images Coming’ or images of animated houses are not acceptable.   In addition,  ‘Lifestyle’ images are not to be used as the main image in a property listing.
It is unacceptable to display a collage or combination of photos or other images within one frame on a listing.
You must not use Video to advertise the ‘lifestyle’, yourself or your agency, except that you may include a transparent watermark of your agency logo in one corner of the Video with dimensions no greater than 10% of the total image size that does not obstruct the Video content.  The sole purpose of video is to advertise the property for sale or lease.
5. BREACHING THIS POLICY
Breaching this Acceptable Use Policy may result in us taking action to remedy the breach. This might include: terminating or suspending your subscription; deleting a specific listing, deleting an agent profile, not permitting a listing to be uploaded to the site in the first place or any other action that we are permitted to take under our agreement with you and according to law.
Where we suspend or delete listings or listings are prevented from being uploaded due to a breach or attempted breach by you of this Fair Use Policy, you will remain liable for your contractual obligations until the date of termination or expiration of your agreement with us.