Home
Types of Contracts
Acceptable Use Policy
Trustpilot
Jump to Section
Need help with an Acceptable Use Policy?
Post Project Now
Post Your Project (It's Free)
Get Bids to Compare
Hire Your Lawyer
What Is an Acceptable Use Policy?
An acceptable use policy, also called an AUP, is an agreement between two or more parties that outlines the appropriate use of access to a corporate network or the internet. This document describes what users may and may not do when accessing this network.
An AUP is useful for businesses and educational facilities that provide internet access to employees or students. Before they are granted access to the network, they must agree to these terms and conditions. Likewise, when you sign up with an internet service provider, they usually have you sign an AUP that requires you to follow a certain set of stipulations.
What Is Covered in an Acceptable Use Policy?
Companies and other facilities use an AUP to protect their networks from bad players. The purpose of an AUD is to ensure everyone is only using internet access for appropriate tasks. Limiting what users can do can help these internet providers uphold the law and protect other users from cybersecurity threats. Here are a few stipulations you may find in an AUP:
Avoid violating the law while using the service
Do not attempt to hack the security of the network or users on the network
Do not attempt to send spam or junk mail
Do not attempt to crash a website's server with spam or mass emails
Report any suspicious behavior you may see on the network
Why Is an Acceptable Use Policy Important?
If your business provides internet access, then you need an AUP for these reasons:
Preventing Cybersecurity Threats
Businesses and institutions want to have some sort of control over what activity takes place on their networks. Limiting what users can browse, download, and search on the internet is all a part of
keeping a safe network
. If a student or employee were to open a suspicious attachment or visit unsecured websites, they could make your network vulnerable to hackers and viruses.
Ensure Users are Avoiding Illegal Activity
An AUP can help ensure users are following the law. For instance, an AUP may strictly prohibit users from pirating music, movies, or other files. It may outline that if a user is violating these rules, they will be banned from the network. Having users break the law on your network can become a liability for your business, which is why outlining these prohibited activities in your AUP is so essential.
Focus on Productivity
Schools may also use an AUP to ensure their students are focusing on classwork rather than looking up things for fun on the web. Also, when young people are using the internet, schools need to make parameters to
protect children
from any inappropriate websites. Businesses can use it to ensure their employees are working on their tasks rather than browsing social media or tending to personal communications.
Get Free Bids to Compare
Leverage our network of lawyers, request free bids, and find the right lawyer for the job.
Get Bids Now
What to Consider When Creating an Acceptable Use Policy
When creating an AUP for your business, you need to consider these key factors:
Acceptable Internet Use
Employers should have an internet use policy to ensure their employees are staying on task during working hours. The level of freedom your team gets should depend on the type of work they do. For instance, creative teams may need a larger scope of access to be able to check out social media trends and pop culture. Other teams may need access to the news or local reports to do their job right.
When deciding what's allowed, remember that your employees want to be treated like adults. An overly restrictive AUP may hinder their work and make them feel that you can't trust them. Many businesses choose to restrict the following type of websites:
Social media
Streaming
Shopping
News
Personal email/communications
Pornography
Gambling
Illegal activity
Cybersecurity
Protecting sensitive information is at the heart of most AUPs. It's crucial that you outline which at-risk behaviors employees should avoid when using your network. A data breach could cost your business and employees a lot of time and money, so use your AUP to outline these common security policies:
Keep all passwords private, and change them regularly
Do not use public Wi-Fi on company devices
Never open email attachments or links that you are not expecting. When something appears suspicious, contact the IT department
Sign up for two-factor authentication
Social media is only allowed for business purposes
Private Information
Employees need to be able to send confidential information to one another securely. In your AUP, outline how employees can safely send, view, and store company data. If there happens to be a data breach, an AUP can also tell employees how to handle such a situation. Outline how to report an incident, who to report it to, and any other important protocols for when an employee is experiencing a network issue.
Guest Users
Many businesses have a separate network for their guests. When a guest logs on, they usually have to sign an AUP. In this document, it's wise to make your policies even stricter for those who are not employees. Make sure guests cannot access internal files or information.
Image via
Unsplash
by Daria Nepriakhina
How Employers Can Better Enforce Their Acceptable Use Policies
It's one thing to get users to agree to your terms and conditions, and it's another to make sure they are actually following them. Use these tips to get your employees to respect and adhere to your AUP:
Make Your Policies Known
More often than not, users skim over an AUP without actually absorbing what is included in the agreement. That's why you should also include the terms of your AUP in your employee handbook. Along with this, you should also make the policies common knowledge for all employees. You could do this during the onboarding process or have an annual review of your AUP.
Create a Plan for Correcting Issues
When employees know there are actual consequences for violating your AUP, they are more likely to follow your parameters. Have a clear policy on what management will do if an employee is caught misusing the network. If you do learn that a user is breaking the terms of your AUP, you need to enact these consequences consistently. If you give people a free pass all of the time, employees are unlikely to take your AUP seriously.
Use Straightforward Language and Formatting
Rather than using confusing legal jargon, write your AUP in terms that employees can understand. A
contract lawyer
has the skills to help you create an easy-to-comprehend document that still covers all of your bases. Along with the actual wording, also make sure it's in a legible format. Make different sections per topic. Bullet points and short phrases are much easier to read through than long paragraphs.
Test Your Employees' Knowledge
After employees read through the policy, test their knowledge of the document. Letting them know they will have to take a short quiz ahead of time will motivate them to understand the entire AUP. Be willing to explain any part of the AUP so your employees can feel confident about the information in there.
Having an AUP is an integral part of protecting your network, avoiding illegal activity, and ensuring your employees are staying on task. When it's time to create or update your AUP,
we have the expertise
to help you get started.
How ContractsCounsel Works
Hiring a lawyer on ContractsCounsel is easy, transparent and affordable.
1. Post a Free Project
Complete our 4-step process to provide info on what you need done.
2. Get Bids to Review
Receive flat-fee bids from lawyers in our marketplace to compare.
3. Start Your Project
Securely pay to start working with the lawyer you select.
POST A PROJECT NOW
Meet some of our Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
View Paul
5.0 (7)
Member Since:
August 4, 2020
Paul S.
CEO
Free Consultation
Get Free Proposal
Cincinnati, OH
37 Yrs Experience
Licensed in CA, OH
Boston University
I focus my practice on startups and small to mid-size businesses, because they have unique needs that mid-size and large law firms aren't well-equipped to service. In addition to practicing law, I have started and run other businesses, and have an MBA in marketing from Indiana University. I combine my business experience with my legal expertise, to provide practical advice to my clients.
I am licensed in Ohio and California, and I leverage the latest in technology to provide top quality legal services to a nationwide client-base. This enables me to serve my clients in a cost-effective manner that doesn't skimp on personal service.
Show More...
Employment
Startup
Business
Real Estate
View More Practice Areas...
Business Contract
Cofounder Agreement
Convertible Note
Dental Associate Contract
Employee Stock Option Agreement
Employment Contract
Executive Employment Contract
Property Management Agreement
SAFE Note
View More...
View Davis
5.0 (1)
Member Since:
August 16, 2020
Davis S.
Founder
Free Consultation
Get Free Proposal
Minneapolis, MN
20 Yrs Experience
Licensed in MN
Mitchell Hamline School of Law
Davis founded DLO in 2010 after nearly a decade of practicing in the corporate department of a larger law firm. Armed with this experience and knowledge of legal solutions used by large entities, Davis set out to bring the same level of service to smaller organizations and individuals. The mission was three-fold: provide top-notch legal work, charge fair prices for it, and never stop evolving to meet the changing needs of clients. Ten years and more than 1000 clients later, Davis is proud of the assistance DLO provides for companies large and small, and the expanding service they now offer for individuals and families.
Show More...
Business
View More Practice Areas...
Certificate of Organization
Custodial Agreement
Design-Build Contract
Distribution Agreement
Employment Contract
Freelance Contract
Last Will and Testament
Liability Waiver
Living Will
Marketing Agreement
Memorandum of Understanding
Partnership Agreement
Power Purchase Agreement
Product Licensing Agreement
Teaming Agreement
View More...
View Matthew
4.9 (8)
Member Since:
August 5, 2020
Matthew S.
Attorney
Free Consultation
Get Free Proposal
Flemington, NJ
39 Yrs Experience
Licensed in NJ, NY
Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law (Yeshiva University)
I am a 1984 graduate of the Benjamin N Cardozo School of Law (Yeshiva University) and have been licensed in New Jersey for over 35 years. I have extensive experience in negotiating real estate, business contracts, and loan agreements. Depending on your needs I can work remotely or face-to-face. I offer prompt and courteous service and can tailor a contract and process to meet your needs.
Show More...
Business
Real Estate
Financial
View More Practice Areas...
Business Contract
Cease and Desist
Demand Letter
Land Contract
Promissory Note Agreement
Quitclaim
View More...
View Tim
4.9 (33)
Member Since:
August 12, 2020
Tim E.
Founding Member/Attorney
Free Consultation
Get Free Proposal
Cleveland, OH
9 Yrs Experience
Licensed in OH
Cleveland-Marshall College of Law
Tim advises small businesses, entrepreneurs, and start-ups on a wide range of legal matters. He has experience with company formation and restructuring, capital and equity planning, tax planning and tax controversy, contract drafting, and employment law issues. His clients range from side gig sole proprietors to companies recognized by Inc. magazine.
Show More...
Business
Employment
Financial
Real Estate
Intellectual Property
Corporate
Technology
Startup
View More Practice Areas...
Business Contract
Business Partnership Agreement
Convertible Note
Customer Contract
Independent Contractor Agreement
Investment Contract
Licensing Agreement
LLC
Loan Agreement
Multi-Member LLC Operating Agreement
Note Payable
Promissory Note Agreement
Purchase Agreement
Software Agreement
Trademark Application
View More...
View Curt
Member Since:
August 13, 2020
Curt L.
Business Attorney
Free Consultation
Get Free Proposal
Houston, TX
33 Yrs Experience
Licensed in TX
South Texas College of Law Houston
For over thirty (30) years, Mr. Langley has developed a diverse general business and commercial litigation practice advising clients on day-to-day business and legal matters, as well as handling lawsuits and arbitrations across Texas and in various other states across the country.  Mr. Langley has handled commercial matters including employment law, commercial collections, real estate matters, energy litigation, construction, general litigation, arbitrations, defamation actions, misappropriation of trade secrets, usury, consumer credit, commercial credit, lender liability, accounting malpractice, legal malpractice, and appellate practice in state and federal courts. (Online bio at www.curtmlangley.com).
Show More...
Compensation Agreement
Confidential Settlement Agreement
Contractor Agreement
Equity Compensation Agreement
Independent Contractor Agreement
Joinder Agreement
Licensing Agreement
Non-Solicitation Agreement
Nondisclosure Agreement
Phantom Stock Agreement
Residential Service Contract
Security Agreement
Stock Incentive Plan
Subcontractor Agreement
Work Order
View More...
View Jaren
Member Since:
August 13, 2020
Jaren J.
Attorney
Free Consultation
Get Free Proposal
Minnesota
24 Yrs Experience
Licensed in MN
University of South Dakota School of Law
Real Estate and Business lawyer.
Show More...
Employment
View More Practice Areas...
Certificates of Incorporation
Codicil
Dissolution Agreement
Intellectual Property Transfer Agreement
Invention Assignment Agreement
Land Contract
Land Use Restriction Agreement
Lease Agreement
Lease Purchase Agreement
Living Trust
Operating Agreement
Purchase Agreement
Rental Agreement
Residential Listing Agreement
Work Order
View More...
View Braden
Member Since:
August 18, 2020
Braden P.
Partner
Free Consultation
Get Free Proposal
Kansas City, MO
21 Yrs Experience
Licensed in KS, MO
University of Kansas School of Law
Braden Perry is a corporate governance, regulatory and government investigations attorney with Kennyhertz Perry, LLC. Mr. Perry has the unique tripartite experience of a white-collar criminal defense and government compliance, investigations, and litigation attorney at a national law firm; a senior enforcement attorney at a federal regulatory agency; and the Chief Compliance Officer/Chief Regulatory Attorney of a global financial institution. Mr. Perry has extensive experience advising clients in federal inquiries and investigations, particularly in enforcement matters involving technological issues. He couples his technical knowledge and experience defending clients in front of federal agencies with a broad-based understanding of compliance from an institutional and regulatory perspective.
Show More...
Common Stock Purchase Agreement
Confidentiality Agreement
Custodial Agreement
Development Services Agreement
Event Space Rental Agreement
Executive Employment Contract
General Contractor Contract
LLC Operating Agreement
Non-Competition Agreement
Security Agreement
Single Member LLC Operating Agreement
Social Media Marketing Agreement
Teaming Agreement
Terms Sheet
Waiver
View More...
Find the best lawyer for your project
Browse Lawyers Now
Acceptable Use Policy lawyers by city
Atlanta Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Austin Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Boston Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Chicago Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Dallas Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Denver Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Fort Lauderdale Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Houston Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Las Vegas Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Los Angeles Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Memphis Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Miami Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
New York Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Oklahoma City Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Orlando Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Philadelphia Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Phoenix Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Richmond Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Salt Lake City Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
San Antonio Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
San Diego Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
San Francisco Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Seattle Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Tampa Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
ContractsCounsel User
Recent Project:
Terms and conditions for online website
Location: New York
Turnaround: A week
Service: Legal Drafting
Doc Type: Acceptable Use Policy
Number of Bids: 7
Bid Range: $325 - $2895
Post Project Now
ContractsCounsel User
Recent Project:
Sales contract drafting
Location: New Mexico
Turnaround: A week
Service: Contract Review
Doc Type: Acceptable Use Policy
Page Count: 10-20
Number of Bids: 3
Bid Range: $395 - $1050
Post Project Now
related contracts
App Development Agreement
Beta Test Agreement
Cookies Policy
Data Processing Agreement
End User License Agreement
GDPR Compliance
Internet SLA
IT Service Agreement
Marketplace Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
SaaS Agreement
SaaS Reseller Agreement
Software Development Contract
Software License
Software License Agreement
Software Reseller Agreement
Terms of Service
User Agreement
Website Privacy Policy
Website Terms and Conditions
Website Terms of Service
Website Terms of Use
other helpful articles
How much does it cost to draft a contract?
Do Contract Lawyers Use Templates?
How do Contract Lawyers charge?
Business Contract Lawyers: How Can They Help?
What to look for when hiring a lawyer
Want to speak to someone?
Get in touch below and we will schedule a time to connect!
Request a call