EN
FR
ES
Recherche Ouverture de session – Client | Aide
Acceptable Use Policy
This Acceptable Use Policy which forms part of the Terms and Conditions of Services specifies the actions prohibited by Triton Digital to users of the Triton Digital Services and Network. Triton Digital reserves the right to modify the Policy at any time by resending the changes to the Client or by posting the modified Policy on its website.
1. Client’s Obligations
Client shall be solely responsible for the use of the Triton Digital Services and Network by its employees, directors, officers, representatives, customers, End User or any other person or entity Client permits to access the Services or Network, and shall take all reasonable measures required to ensure that such persons use the Services in accordance with the conditions of this Agreement. Client shall be solely responsible for any and all media property, information, data, log file, file, image, video or any other type of content of any type or form that is posted, stored or displayed on Triton Digital Network. Shall Client Content originate in whole or in part from Client’ End Users (i.e. User Generated Content), Client shall enter into an agreement with each of such End User sufficient to comply with the terms herein.
2. Client Content
Client shall not use any Triton Digital Services or Network to post, store or distribute the following content:
1. Illegal Material:
prohibited by any law or regulation, including, without limitation, copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual right, decency, libel, defamation, privacy, criminal law or any other law or regulation;
2. Offensive Material:
includes without limitation all adult material, pornography, nude, erotic images, or otherwise lewd or obscene content, all graphically violent and hateful content. The designation of "offensive material" and “adult material” is left entirely to the discretion of Triton Digital;
3. Worms, Virus, Trojans:
Any content which would contains a virus, cancel bot, Trojan horse, worm or other harmful or disruptive elements; and
4. Other Material:
Any material we feel to be abusive, effect or could effect the operation of the service and/or effect other Clients. The designation of "abusive" is left entirely to the discretion of Triton Digital.
Client shall, at its own expense, comply with all laws, regulations and other legal requirements that apply to it in conjunction with its use of Triton Digital Services.
3. System and Network Security
Client shall not violate or tamper with the system or security of Triton Digital Network. Examples of system or security violations include, without limitation, the following: (i) unauthorized access to or use of data, systems or networks, including any attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without express authorization of the owner of the system or network; (ii) unauthorized monitoring of data or traffic on any network or system without express authorization of the owner of the system or network; (iii) interference with service to any user, host or network including, without limitation, mailbombing, flooding, deliberate attempts to overload a system and broadcast attacks; and (iv) forging of any TCP-IP packet header or any part of the header information in an email or a newsgroup posting. Triton Digital will investigate incidents involving such violations and may involve and will cooperate with law enforcement if a criminal violation is suspected.
4. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Triton Digital neither has nor controls material or content which is posted, stored or displayed on its Network and does not censor or monitor the use of the Services by Client, its employees, directors, officers, representatives, customers, end-users or any other person or entity Client permits to access the Services or Network. TRITON DIGITAL DECLINES ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIM OR LOSS ARISING FROM ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE TRITON DIGITAL SERVICES AND NETWORK, AND FOR ANY MATERIAL OR CONTENT WHICH IS POSTED, STORED OR DISPLAYED ON ITS NETWORK.
5. Default
Triton Digital reserves the right, without prior notice, to suspend Client’s use of Services (or remove any material) if Triton Digital in its sole discretion believes Client is using the Services in violation with this Acceptable Use Policy. In such case, Triton Digital may also terminate the Agreement in accordance with Section 6.2 of the Agreement.Complaints regarding illegal use of the Triton Digital Services and Network or any relating issue should be sent to legal@tritondigital.com.
Search Results for