Acceptable Use Policy
This Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”) (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time as set forth on EdgeConneX’s website) is incorporated by reference in Customer’s Master Services Agreement (“MSA”) with EdgeConneX. Capitalized terms used herein without being defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the MSA. EdgeConneX reserves the right to amend or modify this AUP from time to time, and the continued use of EdgeConneX’s services, data centers, and/or physical infrastructure (“Services”) after changes to the AUP are posted on EdgeConneX’s website constitutes Customers acceptance of such amendments and/or modifications.
This AUP applies to all users of EdgeConneX’s Services whether or not such users are Customers or contractors of EdgeConneX, or customers and contractors of EdgeConneX Customers (“Users”), and every server that is under each User’s control and attached to EdgeConneX’s physical infrastructure (a “Server”). Users are responsible for complying with this AUP and for violations attributable to its customers or contractors, whether authorized or not by Customer or EdgeConneX. Users must take all reasonable steps to ensure that their customers or contractors will comply with this AUP.
This AUP is designed to i) protect EdgeConneX’s Customers and Users of EdgeConneX’s Services, ii) further compliance with all relevant laws and regulations, iii) regulate and restrict the use of all products and Services provided by EdgeConneX. Service may be suspended or terminated for violation of this AUP in accordance with the MSA. This AUP is in addition to all building, local, state and international codes.
Inquiries regarding this policy should be directed to info@edgeconnex.com.
Access to Data Center Facilities
By attempting to enter the Facility, Users are consenting to reasonable search of themselves and their possessions. No smoking or chewing tobacco is allowed in any part of the Facility. No pets or other animals are permitted in the Facility. All food and beverages are banned in the MMR and collocation areas. No item that could damage or interfere with the operation of a data center or any of the equipment therein is permitted inside the MMR or collocation areas. Bringing any such item into these areas may result in permanent expulsion from the Facility. Such items include but are not limited to the following:
Climate-control devices
Electro-magnetic devices
Food or liquids
Chemicals, explosives, solvents, cleaners or paints
Flammable materials
If a User has a question regarding items that may be brought into the Facility or MMR and collocation areas, please check with an EdgeConneX representative.
Users are responsible and liable for their visitors’ conduct and actions while at the Facility. All visitors must be pre-approved by EdgeConneX prior to entering any MMR or collocation area. . VISITORS ARE NOT ALLOWED IN THE MMR WITHOUT BEING ESCORTED BY AN EDGECONNEX REPRESENTATIVE. Users violating this rule and allowing visitors to do so may face immediate revocation of their Facility privileges. Customers or contractors shall be personally escorted during the initial installation. Any subsequent maintenance performed by Customer or contractor shall be unescorted with the knowledge that security will be monitoring their activity via video monitors.
Users may not be under the influence of any alcohol, illegal drugs, or other intoxicants. EdgeConneX reserves the right to exclude from the Facility any person, who in the sole judgment of EdgeConneX is intoxicated, under the influence of drugs, or who shall in any manner violate any of this AUP.
Users must carry proper identification with them at all times while on the premises. Falsifying or withholding one’s identity or refusing to cooperate with EdgeConneX’s personnel is a violation of this AUP.
Use of Data Center Facilities
Customers are responsible for maintaining their own cage and cabinet areas. Those areas should be kept neat and free of debris at all times. Customer understands that any equipment required for maintenance of the Licensed Space is Customer’s responsibility and that EdgeConneX has no equipment available for Customer’s use therefore (e.g. ladders, or lifts for re-lamping, etc.). Customers are to utilize the space allocated to them only for the placement of equipment and the use of data center Services.
No material is to be stored on top of any server rack/cabinet, and clearance between racks/cabinets and the ceiling must be maintained. No storage of materials, equipment or property of any kind is permitted outside the Customer’s Licensed Space unless otherwise approved in writing by EdgeConneX and any such property may be removed by EdgeConneX at Customer’s risk and expense.
All packing materials, cardboard, boxes, plastic, etc. must be removed from the Facility when work is complete. Customer shall not permit its employees or invitees to place, empty or throw away rubbish, litter, trash or material of any nature upon any common areas.
Users may not violate any laws or engage in any criminal activity while on Facility property. Misconduct will result in permanent expulsion from and/or prosecution to the fullest extent of the law.
Users and visitors are solely responsible for their personal belongings and property while on the Facility property EdgeConneX assumes no liability for missing, lost, or stolen property of any User and Users agree to hold EdgeConneX, its employees, agents, contractors, subcontractors, and affiliate companies harmless for and from any claims arising out of missing, lost, or stolen property.
Customers may not exceed power limits set forth in their contracts.
User shall not do or permit to be done within the Facility or parking areas or loading areas or the common areas of the Facility, anything, which would unreasonably annoy or interfere with the right of other Users of the Facility. Customer shall not permit its employees or invitees to loiter in or about the Facility or obstruct any of the parking, truck maneuvering or common areas of the Facility.
Users may not conduct themselves in an unprofessional manner or behave in an offensive way toward any individual, including EdgeConneX or building personnel or any other client on site. User shall not make or permit any use of the Facility which in the reasonable judgment of EdgeConneX, may be dangerous to persons or property; permit any noise, odor or vibrations to emit from the Facility which are objectionable to EdgeConneX or other occupants of the Facility; or to create, maintain or permit a nuisance or any violation of any regulation of any governmental agency thereon.
Customer shall keep EdgeConneX advised of current telephone numbers of Customer’s employees who may be contacted in an emergency, i.e., fire, break-in, vandalism, etc. If EdgeConneX shall deem it necessary, in its reasonable judgment, to respond to such emergency on Customer’s behalf, Customer shall pay all costs incurred for services ordered by EdgeConneX to secure or otherwise protect the Licensed Space and/or Customer’s Equipment, including a commercially reasonable charge for any time spent by EdgeConneX’s employees in responding to such emergency.
Equipment and Connections
EdgeConneX provides data center services to primarily support its customers’ access to local networks/content and users. Edge Data Centers are located in key geographical areas which are intended to “localize” traffic, reducing network backhaul and improving end user experience. Customer understands that any use of the Services in a manner not contemplated by this AUP is considered an unauthorized use and Customer will be in violation of this AUP in such case.
The operation of Customer equipment must at all times comply with manufacturer’s specifications, including all power requirements. User shall use the Licensed Space and shall operate Equipment in the Facility in a safe and prudent manner, and any damage or cracks occurring in the floor of the Facility caused by User shall be promptly brought to the attention of EdgeConneX by written notice and repaired by User at its sole expense. Further, User shall not commit or permit to be committed any waste, damage or injury to the Facility, parking areas, loading area or any other common areas of the Facility and shall promptly notify EdgeConneX in writing of such waste, damage or injury and repair the same at its expense
Security
Users are responsible to take reasonable security precautions while using the EdgeConneX Services. Users are solely responsible for any intrusions into, or security breaches of, any of its Servers, except as otherwise covered in the MSA. EdgeConneX reserves the right to disconnect without refund or the provision of service credit any Servers which disrupt EdgeConneX’s Services or any hardware objects on the network as a result of a security compromise.
Prohibited Activities
Users will not, and will not permit any of their customers, to do any of the following (“Prohibited Activities“):
Use the Virtual Colocation Connection (VCC) service for any purpose other than its intended purpose, which is the express use by a network service provider (NSP) to provision a point-to-point dedicated static route/tunnel connection between an EdgeConneX colocation customer within the Facility and a single third party not located within the Facility. The VCC shall not be used to establish peering relationships or announce routes or prefixes to any other entity or location beyond the endpoints disclosed in a VCC agreement.
send unsolicited commercial messages or communications in violation of applicable law or governmental regulation (“SPAM”);
engage in any activities or actions that infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of others, including, but not limited to, using third party copyrighted materials without appropriate permission, using third party trademarks without appropriate permission or attribution;
engage in any activities or actions that would violate the personal privacy rights of others, including, but not limited to, collecting and distributing information about Internet users without their permission, except as permitted by applicable law;
send, post or host harassing, abusive, libelous or obscene materials or assist in any similar activities related thereto;
intentionally omit, delete, forge or misrepresent transmission information, including headers, return mailing and Internet protocol addresses;
engage in any activities or actions intended to withhold or cloak Customer’s or its Users’ identity or contact information;
use the EdgeConneX connectivity services for any illegal purposes, in violation of any applicable laws or regulations;
assist or permit any persons in engaging in any of the activities described above.
If User becomes aware of any Prohibited Activities, User will use its best efforts to remedy such Prohibited Activities immediately, including, if necessary, limiting or terminating their customers’ access to the Services and Facility.
Cooperation with Investigations
Users will cooperate and comply with any civil or criminal investigation regarding use of EdgeConneX Services, or content located on its Servers or transmitted using EdgeConneX Services, including, without limitation, the following: discovery orders, subpoenas, freeze orders, search warrants, information requests, wire taps, electronic intercepts and surveillance, preservation requests, and any other order from a court, government entity or regulatory agency (each an “Investigation”). EdgeConneX may charge a User or any person seeking compliance with an Investigation for the reasonable costs and expenses associated with EdgeConneX’s compliance with any Investigation. EdgeConneX reserves the right to comply with any Investigation without notice to a User. Customers shall not be entitled to a refund or any service credits, and EdgeConneX shall not be in default under any agreement for EdgeConneX Services, if its compliance with any Investigation causes a User to incur downtime or requires the sequestering of all or a portion of the Servers. EdgeConneX also reserves the right to disclose information relating to Users and their use of EdgeConneX Services, or information transmitted, owned by or stored by or on behalf of any User, if such information is disclosed in connection with an Investigation or in order to prevent the death of or bodily harm to any individual, as determined by EdgeConneX in its sole discretion.
Monitoring and Disclaimer
This AUP does not (a) obligate EdgeConneX to monitor, review, or police the data and content residing on EdgeConneX network or (b) create any obligation or duty of EdgeConneX to any User that is not a Customer. Unless and until notified, EdgeConneX is not likely to be aware of any violations of this AUP or any violations of law. Users are expected to notify EdgeConneX of any violations of law or violations of this AUP. EDGECONNEX EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR THE DATA AND CONTENT TRANSMITTED THROUGH OR INTERMEDIATELY, TEMPORARILY OR PERMANENTLY STORED ON EDGECONNEX’S NETWORK OR ANY SERVER AND FOR THE ACTIONS OR OMISSION OF USERS.
Reporting Violations
If there is a violation of this AUP, direct such information related to the violation to info@edgeconnex.com.