Skip to main content
Nasstar delivers IT without drama
No complexity, no headaches
ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
By using our site you accept these terms
This acceptable use policy sets out the terms that apply to all users of, and visitors to, our site www.nasstar.com when uploading content to our site, making contact with other users on our site, linking to our site, or interacting with our site in any other way.
Your use of our site means that you accept, and agree to abide by, all the policies in this acceptable use policy, which supplement our terms of website use.
If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our site.
Who we are and how to contact us
we, us, our and Nasstar means the Nasstar group of companies (Nasstar Group) or one or more of its members, each of which is a separate legal entity.
This site is operated by GCI Network Solutions Limited, part of the Nasstar Group.
Further details about the Nasstar group of companies and its members can be found on here
You can contact us by emailing us at enquiries@nasstar.com See the Contact Us section of our website
Changes to the Acceptable Use Policy
We may revise this acceptable use policy at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make. Some of the provisions contained in this acceptable use policy may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
Prohibited uses
You may use our site only for lawful purposes. You may not use our site:
In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.
In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.
For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards (see below).
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).
To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
You also agree:
Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our site in contravention of the provisions of our Website Terms and Conditions.
Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt any part of our site, any equipment or network on which our site is stored, any software used in the provision of our site or any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
Interactive Services
We may from time to time provide interactive services on our site, including, without limitation:
chat rooms; and
bulletin boards (interactive services).
Where we do provide any interactive service, we will provide clear information to you about the kind of service offered, if it is moderated and what form of moderation is used (including whether it is human or technical).
We are under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any interactive service we provide on our site, and we expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any interactive service by a user in contravention of our content standards, whether the service is moderated or not.
The use of any of our interactive services by a minor is subject to the consent of their parent or guardian. We advise parents who permit their children to use an interactive service that it is important that they communicate with their children about their safety online, as moderation is not foolproof. Minors who are using any interactive service should be made aware of the potential risks to them.
Where we do moderate an interactive service, we will normally provide you with a means of contacting the moderator, should a concern or difficulty arise.
Content Standards
These content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to our site (contributions), and to any interactive services associated with it.
You must comply with the spirit of the following standards as well as the letter. The standards apply to each part of any contribution as well as to its whole.
We will determine, in its discretion, whether a Contribution breaches the Content Standards.
Contributions must:
Be accurate (where they state facts).
Be genuinely held (where they state opinions).
Comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted.
Contributions must not:
Be defamatory of any person.
Be obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory.
Bully, insult, intimidate or humiliate.
Promote sexually explicit material (including child sexual abuse material).
Promote violence.
Promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
Infringe any copyright, database right or trademark of any other person.
Be likely to deceive any person.
Breach any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence.
Promote any illegal content or activity.
Be in contempt of court.
Be threatening, abuse or invade another's privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.
Be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.
Impersonate any person or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person.
Give the impression that the Contribution emanates from us if this is not the case.
Advocate, promote, incite any party to commit, or assist any unlawful or criminal act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
Contain a statement which you know or believe, or have reasonable grounds for believing, that members of the public to whom the statement is, or is to be, published are likely to understand as a direct or indirect encouragement or other inducement to the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.
Contain any advertising or promote any services or web links to other sites.
Suspension and Termination following beach of these terms
We will determine, at our discretion, whether there has been a breach of this acceptable use policy through your use of our site. When a breach of this policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.
Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of the terms of use upon which you are permitted to use our site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site.
Immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to our site.
Issue of a warning to you.
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.
Further legal action against you.
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
We exclude our liability for all actions taken in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy. The responses described in this policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
How this contract can be transferred
Any of the members of the Nasstar Group is entitled to enforce these terms.
We can transfer our rights and obligations under these terms to any third party, provided this does not adversely affect your rights under these terms.
Jurisdiction
If you are a consumer, please note that the terms of this policy, its formation are governed by English law. You and we both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are a resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
If you are a business, the terms of this policy, its subject matter and its formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Thank you for visiting our site.