Home
Types of Contracts
Acceptable Use Policy
Trustpilot
Jump to Section
Need help with an Acceptable Use Policy?
Post Project Now
Post Your Project (It's Free)
Get Bids to Compare
Hire Your Lawyer
What Is an Acceptable Use Policy?
An acceptable use policy, also called an AUP, is an agreement between two or more parties that outlines the appropriate use of access to a corporate network or the internet. This document describes what users may and may not do when accessing this network.
An AUP is useful for businesses and educational facilities that provide internet access to employees or students. Before they are granted access to the network, they must agree to these terms and conditions. Likewise, when you sign up with an internet service provider, they usually have you sign an AUP that requires you to follow a certain set of stipulations.
What Is Covered in an Acceptable Use Policy?
Companies and other facilities use an AUP to protect their networks from bad players. The purpose of an AUD is to ensure everyone is only using internet access for appropriate tasks. Limiting what users can do can help these internet providers uphold the law and protect other users from cybersecurity threats. Here are a few stipulations you may find in an AUP:
Avoid violating the law while using the service
Do not attempt to hack the security of the network or users on the network
Do not attempt to send spam or junk mail
Do not attempt to crash a website's server with spam or mass emails
Report any suspicious behavior you may see on the network
Why Is an Acceptable Use Policy Important?
If your business provides internet access, then you need an AUP for these reasons:
Preventing Cybersecurity Threats
Businesses and institutions want to have some sort of control over what activity takes place on their networks. Limiting what users can browse, download, and search on the internet is all a part of
keeping a safe network
. If a student or employee were to open a suspicious attachment or visit unsecured websites, they could make your network vulnerable to hackers and viruses.
Ensure Users are Avoiding Illegal Activity
An AUP can help ensure users are following the law. For instance, an AUP may strictly prohibit users from pirating music, movies, or other files. It may outline that if a user is violating these rules, they will be banned from the network. Having users break the law on your network can become a liability for your business, which is why outlining these prohibited activities in your AUP is so essential.
Focus on Productivity
Schools may also use an AUP to ensure their students are focusing on classwork rather than looking up things for fun on the web. Also, when young people are using the internet, schools need to make parameters to
protect children
from any inappropriate websites. Businesses can use it to ensure their employees are working on their tasks rather than browsing social media or tending to personal communications.
Get Free Bids to Compare
Leverage our network of lawyers, request free bids, and find the right lawyer for the job.
Get Bids Now
What to Consider When Creating an Acceptable Use Policy
When creating an AUP for your business, you need to consider these key factors:
Acceptable Internet Use
Employers should have an internet use policy to ensure their employees are staying on task during working hours. The level of freedom your team gets should depend on the type of work they do. For instance, creative teams may need a larger scope of access to be able to check out social media trends and pop culture. Other teams may need access to the news or local reports to do their job right.
When deciding what's allowed, remember that your employees want to be treated like adults. An overly restrictive AUP may hinder their work and make them feel that you can't trust them. Many businesses choose to restrict the following type of websites:
Social media
Streaming
Shopping
News
Personal email/communications
Pornography
Gambling
Illegal activity
Cybersecurity
Protecting sensitive information is at the heart of most AUPs. It's crucial that you outline which at-risk behaviors employees should avoid when using your network. A data breach could cost your business and employees a lot of time and money, so use your AUP to outline these common security policies:
Keep all passwords private, and change them regularly
Do not use public Wi-Fi on company devices
Never open email attachments or links that you are not expecting. When something appears suspicious, contact the IT department
Sign up for two-factor authentication
Social media is only allowed for business purposes
Private Information
Employees need to be able to send confidential information to one another securely. In your AUP, outline how employees can safely send, view, and store company data. If there happens to be a data breach, an AUP can also tell employees how to handle such a situation. Outline how to report an incident, who to report it to, and any other important protocols for when an employee is experiencing a network issue.
Guest Users
Many businesses have a separate network for their guests. When a guest logs on, they usually have to sign an AUP. In this document, it's wise to make your policies even stricter for those who are not employees. Make sure guests cannot access internal files or information.
Image via
Unsplash
by Daria Nepriakhina
How Employers Can Better Enforce Their Acceptable Use Policies
It's one thing to get users to agree to your terms and conditions, and it's another to make sure they are actually following them. Use these tips to get your employees to respect and adhere to your AUP:
Make Your Policies Known
More often than not, users skim over an AUP without actually absorbing what is included in the agreement. That's why you should also include the terms of your AUP in your employee handbook. Along with this, you should also make the policies common knowledge for all employees. You could do this during the onboarding process or have an annual review of your AUP.
Create a Plan for Correcting Issues
When employees know there are actual consequences for violating your AUP, they are more likely to follow your parameters. Have a clear policy on what management will do if an employee is caught misusing the network. If you do learn that a user is breaking the terms of your AUP, you need to enact these consequences consistently. If you give people a free pass all of the time, employees are unlikely to take your AUP seriously.
Use Straightforward Language and Formatting
Rather than using confusing legal jargon, write your AUP in terms that employees can understand. A
contract lawyer
has the skills to help you create an easy-to-comprehend document that still covers all of your bases. Along with the actual wording, also make sure it's in a legible format. Make different sections per topic. Bullet points and short phrases are much easier to read through than long paragraphs.
Test Your Employees' Knowledge
After employees read through the policy, test their knowledge of the document. Letting them know they will have to take a short quiz ahead of time will motivate them to understand the entire AUP. Be willing to explain any part of the AUP so your employees can feel confident about the information in there.
Having an AUP is an integral part of protecting your network, avoiding illegal activity, and ensuring your employees are staying on task. When it's time to create or update your AUP,
we have the expertise
to help you get started.
How ContractsCounsel Works
Hiring a lawyer on ContractsCounsel is easy, transparent and affordable.
1. Post a Free Project
Complete our 4-step process to provide info on what you need done.
2. Get Bids to Review
Receive flat-fee bids from lawyers in our marketplace to compare.
3. Start Your Project
Securely pay to start working with the lawyer you select.
POST A PROJECT NOW
Meet some of our Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Reuben O.
View Profile
Get Free Proposal
ContractsCounsel verified
Senior Managing Attorney
13 years practicing
Free Consultation
As an entrepreneur at heart, I enjoy working with business owners and executives on a variety of corporate matters, including mergers and acquisitions, corporate financing, corporate governance, public and private securities offerings, privacy regulation and early-stage corporate matters including formation. As a lawyer and business professional, I understand the value of providing personal service and focused legal answers to clients navigating a rapidly changing regulatory environment. Whether in Aerospace, Consumer Goods, or Technology, I find great success in work collaboratively with clients to strategical structure their business or implementing strategic growth-oriented financing opportunities.
5.0
(122)
Thaddeus W.
View Profile
Get Free Proposal
ContractsCounsel verified
Principal
25 years practicing
Free Consultation
Experienced legal counsel to entrepreneurs, small businesses, and investors. Advising clients starting, buying, selling, operating, financing, and investing in businesses  //  U.S. Army Veteran  //  Dog Lover  //  Ironman Triathlete, Marathoner, Open Water Swimmer, USAT Triathlon Coach //  Oenophile
5.0
(122)
Sarah D.
View Profile
Get Free Proposal
ContractsCounsel verified
Shareholder Attorney
30 years practicing
Free Consultation
Experience as lawyer in large, small and solo firm settings and as in-house General Counsel for a manufacturing business. Expertise in commercial contracts between businesses, business sale and purchase contracts, employment contracts, intellectual property licensing and work-for-hire agreements. Additional expertise in trademark application  and prosecution, copyright registration, appeals work in areas of intellectual  property and employment law, business formation and governance documents,  state and federal employment matters under the FSLA, construction agreements, Lien law, LLC Start-ups, Operating Agreements, partnerships, S-Corp set ups, Nonprofit Corporations, NDAs, executive and employee contracts, independent contractor agreements, severance, and restrictive covenants agreements, and employment/wrongful termination disputes, franchising law, real estate transactions for business and personal property, Asset Purchase Agreements, personal and commercial leases, drafting wills, estate planning documents, prenuptial and postnuptial agreements, marital property agreements, Promissory Note Agreements, Security Agreements, Personal Guarantees, and land contract sales and purchases; technology agreements, website policy agreements, privacy, copyright, and terms of use agreements, SaaS agreements, landlord/tenant law.
5.0
(122)
Peter H.
View Profile
Get Free Proposal
ContractsCounsel verified
Attorney
11 years practicing
Free Consultation
Peter represents small and mid sized businesses in all types of matters, including formation, M&A, contracts, leases, HR counseling, and litigation.  His business is dedicated to serving the needs of growing businesses.  Before starting his law firm, Peter was an executive at Popcornopolis, a national gourmet popcorn and snack manufacturer.  He handled all of their legal matters until the company was eventually acquired.  Prior to that, Peter was a litigator in Los Angeles, representing businesses, real estate developers, hospitals, and other professionals.
5.0
(122)
Orin K.
View Profile
Get Free Proposal
ContractsCounsel verified
Partner
18 years practicing
Free Consultation
I'm an employment lawyer. I counsel and represent employees in all professions, from hourly workers to doctors and all in between. I also counsel and represent employers in many aspects of employment law.
5.0
(122)
Michelle F.
View Profile
Get Free Proposal
ContractsCounsel verified
Attorney
4 years practicing
Free Consultation
I provide comprehensive legal and business consulting services to entrepreneurs, startups and small businesses. My practice focuses on start-up foundations, business growth through contractual relationships and ventures, and business purchase and sales.
Attorney with a demonstrated history of working in the corporate law industry and commercial litigation. Member of the Bar for the State of New York and United States Federal Courts for the Southern and Eastern Districts of New York, Southern and eastern District Bankruptcy Courts and the Second Circuit Court of Appeals. Skilled in business law, federal court commercial litigation, corporate governance and debt restructuring.
5.0
(122)
Lolitha M.
View Profile
Get Free Proposal
ContractsCounsel verified
Counsel
1 year practicing
Free Consultation
Small firm offering business consultation and contract review services.
5.0
(122)
Find the best lawyer for your project
Browse Lawyers Now
Acceptable Use Policy lawyers by city
Atlanta Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Austin Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Boston Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Chicago Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Dallas Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Denver Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Fort Lauderdale Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Houston Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Las Vegas Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Los Angeles Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Memphis Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Miami Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
New York Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Oklahoma City Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Orlando Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Philadelphia Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Phoenix Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Richmond Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Salt Lake City Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
San Antonio Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
San Diego Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
San Francisco Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Seattle Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
Tampa Acceptable Use Policy Lawyers
related contracts
Cookies Policy
Data Processing Agreement
End User License Agreement
GDPR Compliance
Internet SLA
Privacy Policy
SaaS Agreement
Software License
Software License Agreement
Terms of Service
User Agreement
Website Terms and Conditions
other helpful articles
How much does it cost to draft a contract?
Do Contract Lawyers Use Templates?
How do Contract Lawyers charge?
Business Contract Lawyers: How Can They Help?
What to look for when hiring a lawyer
"ContractsCounsel puts on-demand legal services in the cloud. Not only is their service more convenient and time-efficient than visiting brick and mortar offices, but it’s more affordable too—and I’ve been universally impressed by the quality of talent provided. If you’re looking for a modern way for your small business to meet legal needs, I can’t recommend them enough!"
5.0
CEO,
ZivergeTech
"This was an easy way to find an attorney to help me with a contract quickly. It was easy to work with Contracts Counsel to submit a bid and compare the lawyers on their experience and cost. I ended up finding someone who was a great fit for what I needed."
5.0
Consultant,
Healthcare
"ContractsCounsel suited my needs perfectly, and I really appreciate the work to get me a price that worked with my budget and the scope of work."
5.0
Musician,
Randy Gibson
"I would recommend Contracts Counsel if you require legal work."
5.0
President,
TAS Logistics
"ContractsCounsel helped me find a sensational lawyer who curated a contract fitting my needs quickly and efficiently. I really appreciated the ease of the system and the immediate responses from multiple lawyers!"
5.0
Life Coach,
Health & Wellness
"ContractsCounsel came through in a big way for my start up. Their platform put me in touch with the right lawyers for my industry and the team was as responsive as humanly possible during the whole process. I'll be back for more contract work in the future, as the lawyers they've vetted for these services are top tier."
5.0
Founder,
OptiMe
Want to speak to someone?
Get in touch below and we will schedule a time to connect!
Request a call