Skip to content
Acceptable Use Policy
General Information.As a provider  of Internet/World Wide Web access, web site hosting, and other  Internet-related services, A.T. Enterprises LLC. (“My Website Spot”)  offers its customers, the means to acquire and disseminate a wealth of  public, private, commercial, and non-commercial information.  My Website Spot respects that the Internet provides a forum for free and  open discussion and dissemination of information, however, when there  are competing interests at issue, My Website Spot reserves the right to  take certain preventative or corrective actions. In order to protect  these competing interests, My Website Spot has developed this Acceptable  Use Policy (“AUP”), which supplements and explains certain terms of each  customer’s respective service agreement and is intended as a guide to  the customer’s rights and obligations when utilizing My Website Spot’s  services. This AUP will be revised from time to time. A customer’s use  of My Website Spott’s services after changes to the AUP are posted on  My Website Spot’s web site, http://www.MyWebsiteSpot.com under the Legal  Details section, will constitute the customer’s acceptance of any new or  additional terms of the AUP that result from those changes. One  important aspect of the Internet is that no one party owns or controls  it. This fact accounts for much of the Internet’s openness and value,  but it also places a high premium on the judgment and responsibility of  those who use the Internet, both in the information they acquire and in  the information they disseminate to others. When subscribers obtain  information through the Internet, they must keep in mind that  My Website Spot cannot monitor, verify, warrant, or vouch for the accuracy  and quality of the information that users may acquire. For this reason,  the user must exercise his or her best judgment in relying on  information obtained from the Internet, and also should be aware that  some material posted to the Internet is sexually explicit or otherwise  offensive. Because My Website Spot cannot monitor or censor the Internet,  and will not attempt to do so, My Website Spot cannot accept any  responsibility for injury to its users, customers or subscribers that  results from inaccurate, unsuitable, offensive, or illegal Internet  communications. When users, customers or disseminate information through  the Internet, they also must keep in mind that My Website Spot does not  review, edit, censor, or take responsibility for any information its  users, customers or subscribers may create. When users place information  on the Internet, they have the same liability as other authors for  copyright infringement, defamation, and other harmful speech. Also,  because the information they create is carried over My Website Spot’s  network and may reach a large number of people, including both customers  and subscribers and non-subscribers of My Website Spot, customers’ and  subscribers’ postings to the Internet may affect other customers and  subscribers and may harm My Website Spot’s goodwill, business reputation,  and operations. For these reasons, customers and subscribers violate  My Website Spot policy and the service agreement when they, their  customers, affiliates, or subsidiaries engage in activities described  herein.
Scope.This AUP governs  the usage of My Website Spot’s products and services (the “Services”).  This AUP is incorporated by reference into each contract My Website Spot  enters into with a customer (each, a “Customer”) for the use of such  Services. My Website Spot may modify this AUP at any time without notice.  In addition, this AUP is incorporated by reference into the Terms of  Service applicable to My Website Spot’s Web site so that no person who  utilizes My Website Spot’s Web site (regardless of whether that person is a  Customer) may take any action utilizing My Website Spot’s Web site that a  Customer would be prohibited to take utilizing the Services.
Purpose.The  purpose of this AUP is to enhance the quality of the Services and to  protect My Website Spot’s customers, and the Internet community as a  whole, from illegal, irresponsible, or disruptive Internet activities.  This AUP applies to each Customer and its employees, agents, contractors  or other users of such Customer who obtain Services from My Website Spot  (each such person being a “User”). Each User should use common sense and  good judgment in connection with the Services. Parents or guardians  should always supervise minors in using the Internet. Parents and  guardians should remain aware at all times of what is on the Internet  and how the minors under their care are using the Services and the  Internet.
Prohibited Uses.Customers and Users may not:
Utilize  the Services to send unsolicited bulk and/or commercial messages over  the Internet (known as “spam” or “spamming”). It is not only harmful  because of its negative impact on consumer attitudes toward  My Website Spot, but also because it can overload My Website Spot’s network  and disrupt service to its Customers subscribers. Maintaining an open  SMTP relay is prohibited. Any direct action, configuration, or setting  that causes excessive outbound email traffic is subject to review and  possible action. When a complaint is received, My Website Spot has the  absolute and sole discretion to determine from all of the evidence  whether the email recipients were from an “opt-in” email list, or  whether the outbound email traffic generated from an account is suitable  for a shared hosting environment. Utilize the Services in  connection with any illegal activity. Without limiting the general  application of this rule, Customers and Users may not: Utilize  the Services to copy material from third parties (including text,  graphics, music, videos or other copyrightable material) without proper  authorization; Utilize the Services to misappropriate or  infringe the patents, copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual  property rights of any third party; Utilize the Services to  traffic in illegal drugs, illegal gambling, obscene materials or other  any products or services that are prohibited under applicable law; Utilize  the Services to export encryption software to points outside the United  States in violation of applicable export control laws; Utilize  the Services to Forge or misrepresent message headers, whether in whole  or in part, to mask the originator of the message; or Utilize the Services in any manner that violates applicable law. Utilize  the Services in connection with any tortious or actionable activity.  Without limiting the general application of this rule, Customers and  Users may not: Utilize the Services to publish or  disseminate information that (A) constitutes slander, libel or  defamation, (B) publicizes the personal information or likeness of a  person without that person’s consent or (C) otherwise violates the  privacy rights of any person. Utilize the Services to threaten persons  with bodily harm, to make harassing or abusive statements or messages,  or to solicit the performance of acts or services that are illegal under  applicable law. Utilize the Services in connection with any  other disruptive or abusive activity. Without limiting the general  application of this rule, Customers and Users may not: Utilize  the Services to cause denial of service attacks against My Website Spot  or other network hosts or Internet users or to otherwise degrade or  impair the operation of My Website Spot’s servers and facilities or the  servers and facilities of other network hosts or Internet users; or Post messages or software programs that consume excessive CPU time, or storage space, or network bandwidth; or Utilize  the Services to offer mail services, mail forwarding capabilities, POP  accounts or auto responders other than for the User’s own account; or Utilize the Services to resell access to CGI scripts installed on My Website Spot’s servers; or Utilize  the Services to subvert, or assist others in subverting, the security  or integrity of any My Website Spot systems, facilities or equipment; or Utilize the Services to gain unauthorized access to the computer networks of My Website Spot or any other person; or Utilize  the Services to provide passwords or access codes to persons not  authorized to receive such materials by the operator of the system  requiring the password or access code; or Utilize the Services  to (A) forge the signature or other identifying mark or code of any  other person, (B) impersonate or assume the identity or any other  person, or (C) engage in any other activity (including “spoofing”) to  attempt to deceive or mislead other persons regarding the true identity  of the User (excluding the use of anonymous re-mailers or Internet  nicknames); or Utilize the Services to distribute or post any  virus, worm, Trojan horse, or computer code intended to disrupt  services, destroy data, destroy or damage equipment, or disrupt the  operation of the Services; or Utilize the Services to conduct  port scans or other invasive procedures against any server (except any  server for which the User is an authorized system administrator); or Utilize  the Services to distribute, advertise or promote software or services  that have the primary purpose of encouraging or facilitating unsolicited  commercial e-mail or Spam; or Utilize the Services to solicit  or collect, or distribute, advertise or promote, e-mail address lists  for the purpose of encouraging or facilitating unsolicited commercial  e-mail or Spam; or Utilize the Services in any manner that  might subject My Website Spot to unfavorable regulatory action, subject  My Website Spot to any liability for any reason, or adversely affect  My Website Spot’s public image, reputation or goodwill, including, without  limitation, sending or distributing sexually explicit, hateful, vulgar,  racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable materials as determined  by My Website Spot in its sole discretion; or While on a shared  hosting platform, utilize, operate, enable, execute, compile, upload or  publicly store source code, executable code, programs, or software  packages designed to perform tasks not directly associated with  website/email hosting, including, without limitation, (A) directly  opening any listening port, (B) starting any ‘daemon’ process, (C)  performing local/remote security scans, (D) simulating local shell/OS  access by means of a tunneled/encapsulated connection to a remote host,  (E) circumventing firewall restrictions, (F) connecting to any IRC/Peer  to Peer file sharing server/network, (G) providing ‘tracker’ services to  ‘BitTorrent’ clients and/or (H) exploiting web browser vulnerabilities,  as determined by My Website Spot in its sole discretion; or Attempt  to attack, disrupt, or abuse the support- and contact-related  mechanisms of My Website Spot, including, but not limited to, telephone  lines, email addresses, fax lines, bulletin boards or contact/signup  forms; or Utilize the Services in any other manner to interrupt or interfere with the Internet usage of other persons;
Violations
Disclaimer.  My Website Spot expressly disclaims any obligation to monitor its  Customers and other Users with respect to violations of this AUP.  My Website Spot has no liability or responsibility for the actions of any  of its Customers or other Users or any content any User may post on any  Web site. Reporting Non-Copyright Violations. My Website Spot  encourages Users to report violations of this policy by e-mail to:  abuse@MyWebsiteSpot.com, including in any such report the name of the  offending domain (for example, xyz.com) and the type of abuse (for  example, Spam, illegal acts, harassment, etc.) in the “subject” field of  the e-mail. Reporting Copyright Violations. My Website Spot  complies with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”).  My Website Spot encourages Users to report an alleged copyright  infringement involving a user by sending a notice that complies with the  DMCA which information is located under the Legal section of this  website. Remedies. If My Website Spot learns of a violation of  this AUP, My Website Spot will respond to the applicable Customer and may,  in My Website Spot’s sole discretion, take any of the following actions,  in accordance with the severity and duration of the violation: Warning the Customer; and/or Suspending the offending Customer from the Services; and/or Terminating the offending Customer from the Services; and/or Imposing fees or charges on the offending Customer account in accordance with the applicable service contract; and/or Removing the offending content; and/or Taking other action in accordance with this AUP, the applicable service contract or applicable law.
Reservation of Rights.My Website Spot  reserves the right to cooperate with appropriate legal authorities in  investigations of claims of illegal activity involving My Website Spot’s  Services, Customers and other Users. My Website Spot reserves all other  rights to respond to violations of this AUP to the extent of applicable  law and in accordance with any applicable contractual obligations.  My Website Spot may utilize technical means to monitor communications  into, and out of, its network facilities to prevent the introduction of  viruses or other hostile code, to prevent intrusions and otherwise to  enforce this AUP and each Customer agrees that My Website Spot is  authorized to monitor its communications through My Website Spot’s network  for such purposes.
Tell A Friend
If you know someone that’s in need of a website go ahead and send them an introduction email from us!
Recommend Us