Diese Seite auf DeutschImprint
Acceptable Use Policy (AUP)
back
General terms of use of Internet services provided by Deutsche Telekom
By providing a network and offering web hosting as well as Internet
services, Deutsche Telekom AG (hereinafter "Deutsche Telekom"),
Friedrich-Ebert-Allee 140, 53113 Bonn (Amtsgericht Bonn HRB 6794) offers the
technical means to distribute and obtain public, private, commercial and
non-commercial information (hereinafter "IP Services"). In order to avoid
damage caused by the misuse of the IP services offered, e.g. spam e-mail (a
large amount of unsolicited advertising messages generally containing
falsified sender information), to Deutsche Telekom, its customers and its
customers' customers as well as affiliated providers and other users and to
ensure the usability of the services offered, Deutsche Telekom has drawn up
this Acceptable Use Policy (hereinafter "AUP").
The AUP is directed at all users using the IP Services offered by Deutsche
Telekom (hereinafter "Users").
Deutsche Telekom reserves the right to amend this AUP at any time without
prior notice, effective upon posting such changes at
postmaster.t-online.de/aup-engl.html.
I.User obligations
1.The User acknowledges that it is aware of the possibility that the content
and information it disseminates may have a negative impact on the reputation
and business of Deutsche Telekom and its customers. Accordingly, the User is
under a strict obligation to observe the terms of use set forth in this AUP
without any restrictions and not to misuse the services offered by Deutsche
Telekom. The User must notably comply with the following obligations:
1.aThe User shall refrain from any behaviour or conduct of business that is
deceptive, misleading or contrary to good faith. The User shall not use the
IP Services provided by Deutsche Telekom to commit or assist, or attempt to
commit or assist, in any criminal acts.
1.bNo unsolicited information, material or other services may be sent, e.g.
advertising by e-mail, fax, telephone or SMS which was neither wanted nor
requested.
1.cThe User is prohibited from harassing a human being by persistently
attempting to make contact with him/her by means of telecommunication thus
seriously impairing his/her way of life.
1.dNo information with content that is illegal or against good morals may be
transmitted or posted on the Internet. This in particular includes
information serving to incite hatred and violence against persons or groups
on the basis of their race or ethnicity, encouraging or inducing criminal
offences by disseminating or providing instructions or glorifying or
downplaying violence, as well as such information which is sexually
offensive, pornographic, conducive to posing a significant moral threat to
children and adolescents or impairing their well-being or could have a
negative reputation on the image of Deutsche Telekom.
1.eThe User will ensure that the User's use of individual functionalities
provided by Deutsche Telekom and notably the User's posting or sending of
messages will not interfere with Deutsche Telekom, other providers or (any)
other third parties in any manner.
1.fNo connections may be established which result in payment or other
consideration from a third party to the customer.
1.gNational and international laws regarding copyright, trademarks, patent,
names and labels as well as other intellectual property rights or
personality rights of third parties must be observed.
2.The User must comply with the Internet standards referred to as "Requests
for Comment" (RFC) of the ISOC (Internet Society) and any applicable
"Memoranda of Understanding" of the ITU (International Telecommunication
Union).
3.The User must implement appropriate measures to prevent wrongful access to
its systems which are connected to the Deutsche Telekom network preventing
use enabled thereby. Appropriate measures are to be taken to prevent the
automated exploitation of these systems, e.g. their integration in so-called
botnets. This includes promptly applying security patches for operating
systems and applications. If the User is aware that its system has been
compromised, it must immediately remove any existing malware or disconnect
its systems from the Deutsche Telekom network.
4.Personal access data (such as user IDs and passwords) provided to the User
by Deutsche Telekom may not be disclosed to third parties and must be stored
in a secure place so as to protect them from and against third-party
access. Such data should be changed upon first use and in regular intervals
for security reasons. The User shall change access data suspected of being
disclosed to unauthorised parties without undue delay. Such data must be
encoded if stored on electronic data storage devices (e.g. PC, USB flash
drive and CD-ROM). The User bears all costs arising from the use and/or
misuse of Deutsche Telekom services by third parties if and to the extent
it is responsible for such use and/or misuse.
5.Unauthorised monitoring or analysing of third-party network traffic as well
as preparing such measures is prohibited.
6.The unauthorised gathering, consolidation and analysis of personal data is
prohibited. The collection of personal information on third parties, e.g.
user IDs, bank details, credit card numbers, transaction data, addresses or
other contact information, without their knowledge and/or consent or the
attempt to gather, collect, store and publish such data is prohibited in
particular.
7.It is prohibited to maintain unconfirmed mailing lists without the explicit
and verifiable consent of the owners of the e-mail addresses contained
therein. The respective confirmation message from such e-mail addresses must
be kept for the duration of the existence of the mailing list.
8.Excessive multi-posting or cross-posting, i.e. sending the same or almost
the same messages in large numbers to one or several Usenet newsgroups or
other forums is prohibited. Deliberately jeopardising the infrastructure by
provoking network attacks or publishing any content causing an excessively
high level of network traffic or system utilisation or posing a potential
risk to the security of the Deutsche Telekom network or systems is
prohibited.
9.The use of AS numbers as well as the allocation of IP addresses and/or IP
address blocks without the consent of the competent registrar is prohibited.
10.It is prohibited to promote, transmit or provide in any other manner a
software, program, product or service that was developed to directly violate
this AUP or the terms of other Internet service providers or facilitate the
violation thereof. This notably includes means which enable the realisation
of any form of denial-of-service attacks (e.g. a large number of unsolicited
e-mails, flooding, mail bombing) and malware (e.g. Trojan horses, computer
viruses and worms) and tools to create them. Operating or hosting open
relays/proxies/routers as well as anonymizers and similar services is also
prohibited.
11.To the extent that the User permissibly provides a third party with the
services provided by Deutsche Telekom, it must inform the third party of the
AUP and ensure that the latter complies with it.
II.Reporting misuse of the IP services and/or a violation of the AUP
Please send notifications of misuse of the IP Services and/or a violation of
the AUP to Deutsche Telekom AG at the following e-mail address:
abuse@telekom.de. The respective e-mail should contain a report of the
misuse and be accompanied by the known details (e.g. URLs, copies of
e-mails, etc.). Persons or organisations reporting incidences of misuse
should provide their names and sufficient contact details (including e-mail
address, telephone and fax numbers).
III.Consequences of violation of the AUP
In the event of a violation of the AUP by the User or third
parties who use the services with the User's consent or the reasonable and
significant suspicion thereof, Deutsche Telekom reserves the right to block
access to particular services at the expense of the customer or to take any
other action to stop the misuse of the IP Services or violation of the AUP.
IV.Indemnification
Deutsche Telekom and its vicarious agents are to be indemnified from and
against any and all third-party claims that are based on the User's illegal
use of the services provided by Deutsche Telekom or such use taking place
with the User's consent or which in particular arise out of data protection,
copyright or other legal disputes relating to the use of the services
provided. The User is obliged to notify Deutsche Telekom without undue delay
if it is or should be aware that such violation is imminent.
V.Contact information
If you have questions or comments about this policy, please e-mail to
abuse@telekom.de.
back to postmaster.t-online.de