Your web browser is out of date.Update your browser
for better security, speed and to get the best experience on this website.
Update your browser
Acceptable useUpdated on
01 June 2021
Please find below our acceptable use policy. This document should be read in conjunction with the following documents:website terms and conditions of use,privacy and cookies, anddisplay advertising terms and conditions.Last updated: 11 November 20201.1. This acceptable use policy (the "Policy") sets out the rules governing:the use of The MBR Site (www.thembrsite.com), any successor website, and the services, including commenting and forums, available on that website or any successor website (the "Services"); andthe transmission, storage and processing of content by you, or by any person on your behalf, using the Services ("Content").1.2. References in this Policy to "you" are to any individual user of the Services (and "your" should be construed accordingly); and references in this Policy to "us" are to The MBR Site (and "we" and "our" should be construed accordingly).1.3. By using the Services, you agree to the rules set out in this Policy.1.4. You must be at least 18 years of age to use the Services; and by using the Services, you warrant and represent to us that you are at least 18 years of age.2.1. You must not use the Services in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the Services or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the Services.2.2. You must not use the Services:in any way that is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful; orin connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.2.3. You must ensure that all Content complies with the provisions of this Policy.3.1. Content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any person's legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action against any person (in each case in any jurisdiction and under any applicable law).3.2. Content must not:be libellous or maliciously false;be obscene or indecent;infringe any copyright, moral right, database right, trade mark right, design right, right in passing off, or other intellectual property right;infringe any right of confidence, right of privacy or right under data protection legislation;constitute negligent advice or contain any negligent statement;constitute an incitement to commit a crime, instructions for the commission of a crime or the promotion of criminal activity;be in contempt of any court, or in breach of any court order;constitute a breach of racial or religious hatred or discrimination legislation;be blasphemous;constitute a breach of official secrets legislation; orconstitute a breach of any contractual obligation owed to any person.3.3. You must ensure that Content is not and has never been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.4.1. Content must not be untrue, false, inaccurate or misleading. Any claims made must be supportable by evidence, if requested.4.2. Statements of fact contained in Content and relating to persons (legal or natural) must be true; and statements of opinion contained in Content and relating to persons (legal or natural) must be reasonable, be honestly held and indicate the basis of the opinion.5.1. Content must not consist of or contain any advice, instructions or other information that may be acted upon and could, if acted upon, cause death, illness or personal injury, damage to property, or any other loss or damage.6.1. Content must be appropriate, civil and tasteful, and accord with generally accepted standards of etiquette and behaviour on the internet.6.2. Content must not be offensive, deceptive, threatening, abusive, harassing, menacing, hateful, discriminatory or inflammatory.6.3. Content must not be liable to cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.6.4. You must not use the Services to send any hostile communication or any communication intended to insult, including such communications directed at a particular person or group of people.6.5. You must not unnecessarily flood the Services with material relating to a particular subject or subject area, whether alone or in conjunction with others.7.1. Content must not constitute or contain spam, and you must not use the Services to store or transmit spam − which for these purposes shall include all unlawful marketing communications and unsolicited commercial communications.7.2. You must not send any spam to any person using any email address or other contact details made available through the Services or that you find using the Services.7.3. You must not use the Services to promote or operate any chain letters, Ponzi schemes, pyramid schemes, matrix programs, "get rich quick" schemes or similar letters, schemes or programs.8.1. You acknowledge that we may actively monitor the Content and the use of the Services.8.2. You must not conduct any systematic or automated data scraping, data mining, data extraction or data harvesting, or other systematic or automated data collection activity, by means of or in relation to the Services.9.1. You must not link to any material using or by means of the Services that would, if it were made available through the Services, breach the provisions of this Policy.10.1. The Content must not contain or consist of, and you must not promote or distribute by means of the Services, any viruses, worms, spyware, adware or other harmful or malicious software, programs, routines, applications or technologies.10.2. The Content must not contain or consist of, and you must not promote or distribute by means of the Services, any software, programs, routines, applications or technologies that will or may have a material negative effect upon the performance of a computer or introduce material security risks to a computer.Share via FacebookShare via TwitterShare via LinkedInShare via TumblrShare via RedditShare via PocketShare via InstaPaperShare via EmailNavigate Acceptable use
Advertise on The MBR Site
Other PoliciesYou are in:Share or bookmark this pageShare via FacebookShare via TwitterShare via LinkedInShare via TumblrShare via RedditShare via PocketShare via InstaPaperShare via Email