Acceptable Use PolicyThis acceptable use policy sets out the terms between you and us under which you may access our website uk.rs-online.com/web/ and the mobile version of our website https://uk.rs-online.com/mobile/ (our sites). This acceptable use policy applies to all users of, and visitors to, our sites.
Your use of our sites means that you accept, and agree to abide by, all the policies in this acceptable use policy, which supplement our terms of website use.1.Prohibited Uses
You may use our sites only for lawful purposes. You may not use our sites:
In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.
In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.
For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our Content Standards.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).
To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
2.Interactive Services
We may from time to time provide interactive services on our sites including live chat (interactive services).
Where we do provide any interactive service, we will provide clear information to you about the kind of service offered, if it is moderated and what form of moderation is used (including whether it is human or technical).
We will do our best to assess any possible risks for users (and in particular, for children) from third parties when they use any interactive service provided on our sites, and we will decide in each case whether it is appropriate to use moderation of the relevant service (including what kind of moderation to use) in the light of those risks. However, we are under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any interactive service we provide on our sites, and we expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any interactive service by a user in contravention of our content standards, whether the service is moderated or not.
The use of any of our interactive services by a minor is subject to the consent of their parent or guardian. We advise parents who permit their children to use an interactive service that it is important that they communicate with their children about their safety online, as moderation is not foolproof. Minors who are using any interactive service should be made aware of the potential risks to them.
Where we do moderate an interactive service, we will normally provide you with a means of contacting the moderator, should a concern or difficulty arise
3. Content Standards
These content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to our sites (contributions), and to any interactive services associated with it.
You must comply with the spirit and the letter of the following standards. The standards apply to each part of any contribution as well as to its whole.
Contributions must not:
Be accurate (where they state facts).
Be genuinely held (where they state opinions).
Comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted.
Contributions must not:
Contain any material which is defamatory of any person.
Contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory.
Promote sexually explicit material.
Promote violence.
Promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
Infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person.
Be likely to deceive any person.
Be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence.
Promote any illegal activity.
Be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.
Be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.
Be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person.
Give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case.
Advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
RS does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information through the websites. By sending RS any material, remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics or any other information through the websites (including, without limitation, by using any means of contacting RS displayed on the websites), you grant RS an unrestricted, non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty free licence to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute those materials (as described) and you also agree that RS is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send RS for any purpose. However, unless we ask your permission or tell you in advance that materials or information submitted by you to a particular part of the websites will be published with your name on it or otherwise used, or where we are required to do so by law, we will not release your name or otherwise publicise that you submitted materials or information to us.
4. Suspension and Termination
We will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of this acceptable use policy through your use of our sites.
When a breach of this policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.
Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of the terms of use upon which you are permitted to use our sites, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site.
Immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to our site.
Issue of a warning to you.
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.
Further legal action against you.
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy. The responses described in this policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
Changes to the Acceptable Use Policy
We may revise this acceptable use policy at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are legally binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in this acceptable use policy may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
Reviews, comments, communications and other content
Thank you for your interest in writing a customer review. These reviews help other customers to make better informed buying decisions. We believe our customers are in the best position to review our products. We value your views as they'll help others to make the right choices for them. Enjoy your reviewing experience!
To write a review you have to be registered.
When writing your review, please consider the following guidelines:
Give your review a Name
Your review must be based on your experience of owning the product, explaining what you liked or disliked about it and why. Only review products you purchased.
Your review should be about the product and your individual experience using it: its features, characteristics and performance, not to any experience of purchasing or delivery.
Do not use CAPITAL LETTERS apart from in normal punctuation.
Do focus on information you think would help others decide whether to buy the product
Please ensure you comply completely with all the guidelines. RS will not edit words or phrases - any review containing the smallest amount of unacceptable content will be rejected and not appear on the site
Restrictions:
Suppliers or manufacturers are not eligible to submit a review
We reserve the right not to post your review if it contains any of the following types of content or violates other guidelines:
Remarks that repeat criminal accusations
False statements, defame or impersonate others
Comments on RS's service, if you have comments on this please contact us directly
Time sensitive material
Spamming or advertising
Third party brand names or trade marks
Personal information about anyone, including yourself, such as phone numbers, postal addresses or credit card numbers
HTML code, computer script or website urls
Availability, price or alternative ordering or delivery information
RS suppliers or manufacturers
All review copy becomes the property of RS Components Limited once submitted.
Your personal details will not be used or passed on to any third parties unless you have agreed to let us do that.
In addition, if you wish to share feedback with us about product selection, pricing, ordering, delivery or other customer service issues, please do not submit this feedback through a product review. Instead, contact us directly.