Version 3.0
DWP Acceptable Use Policy
Contents
DWP Acceptable Use Policy  ................................ ................................ ....... 1
Introduction  ................................ ................................ ..............................  2
Purpose  ................................ ................................ ................................ ... 2
Scope ................................ ................................ ................................ ....... 2
Who this policy applies to  ................................ ................................ .........  2
1. Acceptable Use Principles  ................................ ................................ .... 2
2. User IDs and Passwords  ................................ ................................ ...... 3
3. Managing and Protecting Information  ................................ ...................  3
4. Personal Use of DWP IT  ................................ ................................ ...... 4
5. Email/Fax/Voice Communication ................................ ..........................  5
6. Websites and Social Media  ................................ ................................ .. 6
7. Devices, Systems and Networks  ................................ ..........................  6
8. Physical Security  ................................ ................................ ..................  8
9. Compliance  ................................ ................................ ..........................  9
Introductio n
The Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) aims to protect all users of DWP equipment and data
and minimise risk by providing clarity on the behaviours expected and required by DWP
employees, Agents, Service Providers, Contractors,  and Consultants. It sets a
frame work on how to conduct DWPs business to meet legal, contractual,  and regulatory
requirements and defines how individuals must behave in order to comply with this
policy .
Purpose
To ensure that individuals understand their responsibilities for the appropri ate use of
DWP’s information technology resources. Understanding what is expected will help
individuals to protect themselves, colleagues and DWP’s equipment, information and
reputation and ensure that there is clear accountability.
Scope
All DWP equipme nt and information (all information systems, hardware, software,  and
channels of communication, including voice - telephony, social media, video, email,
instant messaging, internet,  and intranet). User’s personal information which is
processed by DWP equipm ent is also subject to this policy.
Who this policy applies to
All DWP employees, agents, contractors, consultants, suppliers,  and business partners
(referred to in this document as ‘users’) with access to DWP’s information and
information systems and assets.
1. Acceptable Use Principles
1. General Principles
Users must:
1.1 Confirm prior to use of DWP equipment or informatio n, that they agree to complying
with this AUP and understand that breaching this policy may result in disciplinary
procedures.
1.2 Be responsible for their own actions and act responsibly and professionally,
following the DWP Standards of Behavio ur and re specting the Department and
colleagues, suppliers, partners,  and citizens.
1.3 Use information, systems,  and equipment in line with DWP security and Information
Management policies
1.4 Immediately report any breach of this Acceptable Use Policy to their line manager
and to the  relevant team  and comply with official procedures when a breach of the
policy is suspected or reported.  1.5 Never undertake illegal activity, or any activity that would be harmful to DWP’s
reputation or jeopardise staff and/or citizen data, on DWP technology.
1.6 Understand that both business and personal use of DWP systems will be monitored
as appropriate .
1.7 Understand that they can use whistleblowing and raising a concern if it is believed
that someone is misusing DWP assets, information,  or electronic equipment.
1.8 Undertake education and awareness on security and using DWP information and
technology, including the mandatory annual security e -learning, in order to support the
understanding of recognising and reporting threats, risks, vulnerabilities and incidents.
2. User IDs and Passwords
Users must:
2.1 Protect usernames , staff numbers,  smart cards, dongles,  and passwords
appropriately
2.2 Create secure passwords following relevant DWP instructions
2.3 When using a password manager, ensure that their master password is stored
securely in line with DWP instructions . Passwords must not be  stored in shared folders
or written down.
2.4 Not log on to any DWP systems using another user’s credentials.
2.5 Remove their network access smart card or dongle and/or lock the screen when
temporarily leaving devices that are in use.
2.6 Log out of a ll computer devices connected to DWP’s internal network during non -
working hours,  i.e., at the end of the working day.
3. Managing and Protecting Information
Users must:
3.1 Understand that they and DWP have a legal responsibility to protect personal an d
sensitive information and must not misuse their official position to further private
interests or those of others. The Civil Service Code Standards of Behaviour: Integrity
refers.
3.2 Ensure that all information is created, used, shared,  and disposed of  in line with
business need and in compliance with the Information Management Policy, Information
Asset Inventory Guidance and Retention of Specific Information Guidance.
3.3 Not attempt to access anyone’s personal data unless there is a legitimate busine ss
need that is appropriate to their job role. Users must not, under any circumstances,
knowingly access, or attempt to access, their own DWP records or the records of
friends, family members, ex -partners, relatives,  or anyone else they know on any Departmental computer, paper file or benefit system, irrespective of motivation. DWP
Standards of Behaviour para 78 refers.
3.4 Comply with Managing HR records in respect of handling employee information.
3.5 Not provide information in response to any type o f reques t whose identity they
canno t verify.
3.6 Ensure they a re not overhea rd or overlooked in publi c areas when conducting DWP
business.
3.7 Apply the DWP Securi ty Classification Policy appropriately to documents and email
subject lines in relation to the Official-Sensitive handling caveat.
3.8 Not attemp t to acce ss, amend , damage , delete or disseminate another person’s
files, emails, communications, or data without the appropriate authority.
3.9 Not attemp t to compromise or gain unauthorised access to DWP IT, telephony or
content, or preven t legitimate access to it.
4. Pers onal U se of DWP IT
Users must:
4.1 Understand tha t they a re personally accountab le for what they do online and with
DWP technology.
4.2 Understand tha t DWP allows personal use of its IT resou rces in an employee ’s own
time when not on official duty or ‘flexed on’ as per the Flexible Worki ng Hours Policy.
4.3 Ensure that any personal information stored is appropriate i.e., lega l, applicable, and
complian t with this policy and GDPR legal requirements.
4.4 Understand tha t the ability to store personal information on DWP owned devices
and systems is a privilege and DWP has a right to require the data is removed should
this data interfere with business activity o r use.
4.5 Ensure persona l activities do not da mage the reputation of DWP, its employee s and
citizens including accessing , storing , transmitting, or distributing links to material that:
• Could embarrass or compromise DWP in any way ,
• Is obtained in violation of copyright or used in breach of a licence agreement ,
• Can be reasonably considered as harassment of, or insulting to, others ,
• Is offensive, indecent,  or obscene including abusive images, language,  and literature.
4.6 Follow the DWP Standa rds of Behavio ur and must not:
• Trade or canvass support for any organisation on official premises, whether it is for
personal gain from any type of transaction or on behalf of external bodies ,• Send messages or material that solicit or promote religiou s, political,  or other non -
business -related  causes, unless authorised by DWP ,
• Provide unauthorised views or commitments that could appear to be on behalf of
DWP ,
• Use malicious, harassing, abusive or threatening communication ,
• Incite hate, bullying a nd harassment ,
• Visit pornographic sites or undertake any form of gaming, lottery,  or betting ,
• Use behavio ur that is discriminatory in any sense ( e.g., on the grounds of sex, sexual
orientation, gender, race, age, religious beliefs,  or disability) ,
• Use any type of applications and/or devices to circumvent management or security
controls or damage, destroy, or deny availability of service ,
• Download s oftware onto DWP devices with the exception of DWP supplied tablet
devices and smart phones where permitted from an official source and appropriately
licensed. This software must not compromise the performance or security of the device ,
• Access personal webmail accounts on DWP equipment ,
• Download music, video or other media -related files for non -business purposes or store
such files on network drives.
4.7 DWP does not accept any liability for any loss, damage or inconvenience you may
suffer as a resul t of personal use of its IT.
5. Email/ Fax/Voice Communication
Users must:
5.1 Comply with DWP’s email policies
5.2 Only use appropriate language in messages, emails, faxes,  and recordings.
Threatening, derogatory, abusive, indecent, obscene, racist, sex ist or otherwise
offensive content must not be used.
5.3 Not engage in mass transmission of unsolicited emails (SPAM).
5.4 Not alter the content of a third party’s message when forwarding it unless authorised
to do so.
5.5 Not try to assume the identity  of another user or create or send material designed to
mislead people about who originated or authorised it ( e.g., through misuse of scanned
signatures).
5.6 Be vigilant to scam targeting communications especially phishing emails and know
how to spot and report suspicious emails  5.7 Employees and contractors must not use their DWP email address for personal use.
Only use your DWP email address for DWP busi ness related activities and linked
organisational activity ( e.g., DWP discount schemes, CSL, Civil Service Jobs, HASSRA,
Trade Union activity and other officially provided Internet links). Please refer to the DWP
Email Policy. All employees must use their personal email address for personal
activities including purchasing and selling of goods, internet banking and any other
personal activity, failure to comply may lead to disciplinary action.
6. Websites and Social Media
Users must:
6.1 Comply with the Social Media Policy and Social Media Standards and be aware of
Cabinet Office guidelines. They must use social media appropriately and understand
that the principles covering the use of social media by civil servants in either their off icial
or personal capacity are the same as those that apply for any other activity and that
they are responsible for the content they post. Section 3 of Social Media Standards
refer.
6.2 Only use approved DWP social media accounts for official business an d where
appropriate, use DWP branding and a professional image or persona on such accounts.
6.3 Understand that their social media content/footprint may be available for anyone to
see, indexed by Google and archived for posterity.
6.4 Only access appropr iate content using DWP technology and not intentionally visit
sites or news groups that are obscene, indecent or advocate illegal activity, as
described in the blocked categories list.
6.5 Contact the relevant team  with requests to unblock a website and d o not attempt to
bypass DWP web filters.
6.6 Report any access to a site that should be blocked by our web filters to their line
manager and contact the relevant team  with a request to block a website.
7. Devices, Systems and Networks
7.1 Only use syste ms, applications, software,  and devices (including USBs, laptops,
and smart phones), which are approved, procured and configuration managed by DWP
when undertaking official business, and apply DWP standards and guidance in their
use.
7.2 Users with DWP mo bile phones must always install the most up to date software
when it becomes available as this ensures the device has the latest security updates
installed and so remains fully compatible with DWP systems. Failure to do so may result
in the device becoming  restricted from accessing any DWP systems prior to potential
withdrawal of the service.  7.3 When individua ls are required to generate a two-factor authentication onetime
password to access a DWP system, including enrolmen t and password reset, use of a
personal device is permitted in the absence o f a DWP device.
7.4 The use of personal Bluetooth headsets, keyboa rds and m ice are permitted when
paired with DWP devices tha t are enabled to support the connectivity . Bluetooth
connection mu st be compatib le with DWP de vices and users must not download any
software onto DWP devices to condu ct the pairing of Bluetooth.
7.5 DWP permits the use of persona l mobile phones and personal landline numb ers for
voice calls in exceptional circumstance s only which include interna l calls to colleagues
within DWP, other Governmen t Departments, Loca l Authorities, and the supply
chain/business partners however personal o r sensitive information should not be
discussed . Where a user ha s acce ss to a DWP phone or a Softphone on their DWP
device, these mu st be used as the y are the department’s preferred method of
communication . Employees and contracto rs must not use persona l phones to contact
cu
stomers or their appointed agents as this still rema ins prohibited . The use of other
personal mobile phone functionality including SMS texting or personal Email for DWP
work purposes is not permitted.
7.6 The limited use of personal devices (laptops, tablets etc.) is permitted when
undertaking training courses for DWP work purposes, for example where access to
training related material and examinations is restricted on DWP devices and proving
difficult to access. This is not a mandatory solution but a personal choice when there is
restricted access
to training material and courses on DWP devices that prevents
essential learning. The Department is not responsible for any damage, theft, or
introduction of malware to personal devices as a result of personal choice by individuals
to use their own device for access to training materials. Individuals should take great
care when using personal devices for training purposes, ensuring that any official
information, that should not be in the public domain, must not be divulged nor exposed.
7.7 Users must not connect DWP or personal mobile devices by USB cable to
Departmental devices connected to the Department’s infrastructure, for the purpose of
uploading/ downloading files or charging.
7.8 DWP permits connecting DWP devices, laptops Surface pros etc., by Wi-Fi (or
Ethernet) to the internet to connect back to the department from anywhere e.g., home
or a hotel. However, DWP devices must not be connected to the internet via Captive
Portals, for security reasons. DWP devices are set up so they
do not connect to Captive
Portals.
7.9 DWP permits wirelessly connecting a DWP device to a DWP, or personal, mobile
phone via a personal hotspot for the purpose of acquiring an internet connection
(tethering) for work purposes. Tethering a personal mobile phone is permissible but DWP cannot be held liable for this use of a personal mo bile phone including any data
charges, and so any use of a personal phone for this purpose is the individual’s choice.
7.10 Users must ensure no official information is stored on devices without DWP
security controls.
7.11 Do not use any personal wallpap ers or screensavers. The use of personal
background settings ( e.g., MS Teams), images ( e.g., Outlook profile) etc. is permitted
on DWP devices but must be respectful and must not contain any inappropriate or
offensive material that may bring the individual  or DWP into professional disrepute.
7.12 Raise all software requests through the appropriate team.
7.13 DWP employees and contractors travelling outside the UK on official business and
wishing to take DWP devices with them should review the HR guidance o n working
abroad and must contact the  relevant team before they travel. DWP devices, including
smart phones, must only be taken outside the UK when required for official business
and appropriately  approved. DWP may prohibit the carrying and use of DWP devi ces in
certain countries.
7.14 Employees and contractors are required to contact the  appropriate team before
travelling to certain countries, whether this is on official business or for a personal visit
e.g., a holiday. Employees and contractors should ch eck the relevant intranet page to
check whether this includes the country they are visiting.
8. Physical Security
Users must:
8.1 Comply with the DWP Physical Security Policy & Physical Security Standards.
8.2 Be responsible for keeping all portable de vices assigned to them safe and secure
and immediately report any loss or damage of their equipment to their line manager and
log a security incident accordingly . If the device is a work phone/smart phone you must
also complete  the relevant form  and ask for the phone to be suspended.
8.3 Protect DWP equipment appropriately when travelling e.g.
• Laptops must always be carried as hand luggage ,
• Never leave a portable device visible in parked vehicles ,
• Never leave equipment  unattended in a public place e.g., on public transport .
8.4 Return all DWP assets when leaving DWP. Failure to return equipment could lead to
steps being taken to recover the cost, which could include legal action through the civil
courts. Line Managers must complete all appropriate exit procedures with leavers .  9. Compliance
9.1 If for any reason users are unable to comply with this policy or require use of
technology which is outside its scope, this should be discussed with their line manager
in the first instance and then the  relevant team  who can provide a dvice on
escalation/exception routes.
9.2 Seek exceptions to security policies by applying for an Exception .
9.3 All requests to use new software not currently approved by DWP must be subject to
the Software Approvals Proces s.
9.4 Line managers are responsible for ensuring that users understand their
responsibilities and consequences as defined in this policy an d continue to meet its
requirements for the duration of their employment with DWP. They are also responsible
for monitoring employees’ ability to perform assigned security responsibilities. This does
not remove responsibility from employees, who must ensur e that they too understand
their responsibilities as outlined in this policy and continue to meet the requirements. It
is a line manager’s responsibility to take appropriate action if individuals fail to comply
with this policy.
9.5 DWP actively monitors employee and contractor personal use of IT and equipment
to ensure everyone is complying with this policy (AUP) and the DWP Social Media
Policy. Monitoring complies with and respects the privacy rights of all employees as
outlined in the DWP Employee Priva cy Notice. The consequences of failing to comply
with the personal use limitations of DWP IT and equipment are serious and attract
disciplinary penalties up to and including dismissal.
9.6 DWP  will regularly assess for compliance with this policy and may need to inspect
physical locations, technology systems, design and processes and speak to people to
facilitate this. All DWP employees, agents, contractors, consultants, business partners
and service providers will be required to facilitate, support, and w hen necessary,
participate in any such inspection.
9.7 Failure to report a security incident, potential or otherwise, could result in
disciplinary action .
9.8 Breaching this policy may result in disciplinary procedures which could lead to
dismissal, inclu ding criminal prosecution .