LoadingZapier Acceptable Use PolicyUpdate Notice: We updated the Zapier Acceptable Use Policy effective April 7, 2023. Your continued use of our Service automatically constitutes your acceptance of these updated Terms. You may review the prior version of the Zapier Acceptable Use Policy here. This updated Policy completely replaces all previous versions. At Zapier, our mission is to make automation work for everyone. Our customers and partners rely on Zapier Services to automate critical parts of their business. To ensure continued reliability, everyone must access and use Zapier Services in ways that don’t abuse our Services. This Acceptable Use Policy serves as a guide for what we consider abuse of our Services. Security violations or network abuseDon’t access or use Zapier Services directly or indirectly to, or in ways that create any of the following:Disrupt uptime: adversely impact the availability of our Services, or those offered by a Third Party.Denial of Service: create or pose a risk that can result in a denial of service attack on our Services or services of a Third Party.Bypass security: bypass or attempt to circumvent limitations or security mechanisms established by Zapier or a Third Party. This includes testing or reverse-engineering to find limitations, vulnerabilities, competitive research, or evading filtering capabilities. This doesn’t apply to Zapier’s published bug reporting program. Security risk: create a security or service risk to Zapier, our Services, or a Third Party. Malicious attacks: send or facilitate cyber attacks of any kind.Wrongful UseDon’t access or use Zapier Services directly or indirectly to, or in ways that:Fake engagement: create, promote, or publish artificial or inauthentic engagement, reviews, or other related content. Create multiple accounts: create multiple Zapier accounts in order to circumvent any of our Services or Third Party service limitations or restrictions.Spamming: generate or send unsolicited messages that you do not have permission to send to recipients or which are otherwise prohibited under applicable law.Intellectual Property Infringement: use, post, distribute, or violate Zapier’s or a Third Party’s intellectual property that you don’t have the right to do so.Misrepresentation: impersonate other people or businesses, engage in phishing, spoofing, or otherwise misrepresent yourself or misstate the origin of any content. Accounts on Zapier Services may not be created with throwaway email addresses.Circumvent or violate Third Party terms: use Services with the primary purpose of violating or circumventing the terms or restrictions of a Third Party. Illegal, harmful, hateful activities, or content Don’t access or use Zapier Services directly or indirectly to, or in ways that exhibit:Fraudulent or illegal activity: violate or facilitate the violation of any applicable laws or regulations. Violence: threaten, plan, or otherwise facilitate violent activities that intend to or will cause physical harm to people or property. Exploitation of minors: illegally exploit minors or their image, likeness, or recordings. Doxing: harvest, collect, or share peoples’ personal information without their consent, exposing them to potential harassment, identity theft, loss of jobs, and other harm. Hateful content: harass, intimidate, abuse, or discriminate against others based on race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, religious affiliation, age, disability, disease, or immigration status. Promotion of hateful contentYou may not use Zapier Services if you are an individual or organization that has publicly stated goals, purpose, principles, or actions that advocate, sponsor, or practice discrimination, harassment, or violence towards people based on race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, religious affiliation, age, disability, disease, or immigration status. Violation of this policyIf you are using Zapier in violation of our AUP, we may investigate and take action. As every situation is unique, we review violations of this policy on a case-by-case basis. In some cases, we may contact you and request that you fix/otherwise address the violation. In others, we may temporarily or permanently suspend or terminate your Zapier account, with or without notice.  Definitions used in this policy:“Zapier” means Zapier Inc. and its affiliated entities.“Services” means the Zapier cloud-based products, including the Zapier automation platform, Zapier developer platform, Zapier community portal, and related tools, APIs, applications and services.“Third Party” means Zapier customers, developers, experts, integration and application partners.Modifications to Acceptable Use PolicyWe modified the Zapier Acceptable Use Policy to re-organize and simplify the content. By continuing to use Zapier Services after the Effective Date noted above, you agree to this Acceptable Use Policy. If you don’t agree with these modifications, your sole remedy is to cease using Zapier Services immediately. This policy may change over time, so please check back regularly for updates and changes.