Acceptable Use Policy
Terms and conditions
Vodafone Mobile Acceptable Use Policy
Updated: November 2020
This acceptable use policy covers your usage obligations for your Vodafone Pay monthly or Pay as you go services. It forms part of your contract with us, along with your Pay monthly terms and charges guide or your Pay as you go terms and charges guide.  This policy sets out your usage obligations, what you can do to avoid breaching the policy and what happens if your usage is deemed to breach the policy.
Use of our services
You have an obligation to use our services for private, personal, and legitimate consumer purposes only. Your use of our services should not exceed that reasonably expected of a reasonable person using them for these purposes. Failure to adhere to the policy may mean a loss of, or restriction to your service. Below is a non-exhaustive list of your obligations and the types of activity which you should avoid.
Make sure you use our services and SIM cards for private, personal and legitimate consumer purposes only. You must not use our services or SIM cards for business purposes
Don't make calls or send texts in relation to the marketing, promotion or administration of a business, group or organisation, or for any non-private/non-personal purpose. For example, sending bulk texts to a customer base, or a non-private/non-personal group distribution list. Make an excessive number of calls to an unusually large number of recipients, with the intention of promoting a business or service, or non-personal purpose would constitute use of our service for non-personal consumer use and would also be in breach of this policy.
You must not use our services or SIM cards to generate artificially inflated traffic, or to send automated or unsolicited text messages.
Don't send abnormally high volumes of texts, send texts to an unusually large number of recipients, send large volumes of texts in a short space of time or send SPAM texts. These are examples of usage which would be a breach of this policy.
You must not resell our services. You're not to use, or allow anyone else to use, our services or SIM cards to contact numbers that pay any type of revenue (including, but not limited to, call forwarding services, concurrent calling, paging services, onward calling services).
Don't make unusually high volumes of calls or make calls to earn financial revenue or other reward.
You must not establish, install or use a gateway device, application, or SIM box (including devices tethered via cable, Bluetooth or Wi-Fi, to a computer or the internet for the purposes of making large volumes of calls or sending large volumes of texts)
Don't use gateway devices, applications, or SIM boxes to send automated messages, or to make automated calls.
You must not use our services or SIM cards for fraudulent or criminal purposes, or in a way that's in breach of law (including making calls, sending messages or posting or downloading content which is, offensive, defamatory, indecent or a nuisance.
Don't use our services in any way which would be a breach of this policy, for example, making nuisance calls, illegal file-sharing or downloads, or viewing illegal content.
Use of our services while in our Europe Zone (excluding the UK), Roam-free or Roam-further destinations is intended for temporary, periodic travel such as holidays and short breaks.
You are not permitted to spend more than £240 per month and £40 for any single transaction, when using our Services to do any of the following:
call numbers beginning with the following prefixes; 09, 084 118, 0871, 0872, 0873;
to send a text to a premium number (such as charity, voting or competition numbers); and
purchase content from our Charge to Bill partners (see www.vodafone.co.uk/help-and-information/costs-and-charges/charge-to-bill-information).
Update to the Acceptable Use Policy effective from 18 January 2021
You must not use any inclusive roaming services more than would be reasonably expected. Use of our services while in our Roam Free (Europe Zone, excluding the UK) and Global Roaming Plus destinations (for customers using their inclusive roaming that is included in their monthly charge) is intended for temporary, periodic travel such as holidays and short breaks.
We will monitor and check your roaming use. If, during any 4 month period, you roam in the Europe Zone or in the Global Roaming Plus destinations for 62 days or more AND your corresponding roaming usage exceeds your usage within the UK, you may incur additional roaming charges. We will send you notification two weeks prior to charging you any additional roaming charges, to allow you time to adjust your usage accordingly.
These additional roaming charges will be:
£0.033 per minute for calls
£0.01p per SMS
£3.13 per 1GB of data
You will still be able to receive calls and texts from friends and relatives at no extra cost.
What happens if your usage falls outside the acceptable usage policy?
If we suspect you're not adhering to our Acceptable Use Policy, we reserve the right to impose further charges on you and/or disconnect your SIM card or contract at any time.
We may also restrict access to just one part of your service (for example, restrict your use of our text service if we believe you have sent text messages that are in breach of this policy).
We'll attempt to contact you if we need to disconnect your service.
Data
If you're using the service in a way which we believe is harmful to our network we may introduce certain traffic management measures such as throttling which might reduce your speed, reduce access to your services, impose further charges on your account or we may disconnect your SIM. We will attempt to notify you before any disconnection takes place. More information on traffic management.
Buying online
Pay monthly deals
Pay as you go deals
SIM only deals
iPad and tablets
Mobile Broadband
Home Broadband
Laptops
Vodafone recommends
Deals and offers
Vodafone EVO
Unbreakable Broadband
Trade-in your phone
Latest phones
iPhone 14 Pro Max
iPhone 14 Pro
iPhone 14 Plus
iPhone 14
Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra
Samsung Galaxy S23
Samsung Galaxy S23+
Samsung Galaxy Z Fold4
Google Pixel 7a
Google Pixel 7
5G phones
New phones
Help and support
All help topics
Help with your device
Lost or stolen devices
Help with my account
Find a store
Contact us
Complaints code
Return a product
TOBi
Charge Checker - UK
Social broadband
Broadband speed test
Vodafone UK
About us
For investors
News Centre
Modern Slavery Statement
Accessibility
Careers
User research
Switch to Vodafone
Our partnerships
VOXI
Talkmobile
Terms and conditions
Site map
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
© 2023 Vodafone Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority for consumer credit lending and insurance distribution activity (Financial Services Register No. 712210) Registered in England and Wales. Company No 01471587. Registered Office: Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire, RG14 2FN.