Copyright
Question:
Differentiate between a security policy and an acceptable use policy. Be sure to provide examples of what each might contain.
Security policy and acceptable use policy
Organizations will put both security and acceptable use policies providing guidelines for use of company equipment.  Security policies are focuses on protecting against threats to the organization while acceptable use policies protect company resources for waste and abuse.
Answer and Explanation:
Become a Study.com member to unlock this answer!
Create your account
View this answer
Security policies are put in place to protect a firm from internal and external threats.  Security policy typically refer to use of computer machines...
See full answer below.
Become a member and unlock all Study Answers
Start today. Try it now
Create an account
Ask a question
Our experts can answer your tough homework and study questions.
Ask a question
Ask a question
Search Answers
Learn more about this topic:
Get access to this video and our entire Q&A library
Try it now
What Is a Security Policy? - Definition, Examples & Framework
from
Chapter 3
/ Lesson 18
8.5K
In an organization, a security policy is a written document that outlines how threats to the organization and/or its employees will be handled. Review the definition, framework, and examples for a typical security policy, Also, understand how security policies protect an organization's employees, assets, and data from harm, and recognize the protocol for creating an effective policy.
Related to this Question
Explain, with the use of examples, when it would be appropriate to use trademarks and copyright to protect a firm's intellectual property.
What is a comparison explanation of contrasting policy-making with policy implementation?
Define pay policy. Which competitive pay policy would you recommend to an employer? Why? Does it depend on circumstances faced by the employer? If so, which ones?
Differentiate between business level and corporate level strategies and give examples of each.
1. Recognize and describe Web 2.0 applications with suitable example.
1. What is physical security? 2. What are the components of physical security? 3. What are the procedures in carrying an assessment for effective and efficient physical security measures?  4. In assessing the efficiency of the security outfit, what are th
Fill-in-the-Blank: Enter the appropriate term(s) to complete each statement. The HIPAA privacy rule establishes standards for how ___________ should be controlled.
Why is it important to distinguish between contrast policy-making with policy implementation?
Explain the various pricing strategies and tactics and provide examples of when each should be used.
Identify (list and describe) two epolicies that a business could implement to ensure the protection of sensitive corporate data from hackers.
What is the meaning of union security and what are the five types of union security possible? Explain each type. What will be an ideal response?
What should a risk management policy contain?
A) Define the term "security" with respect to the workplace. B) What actions can an employer take to minimize the risk and impact of workplace violence?
Provide examples of the ethical, social, political, and security issues faced by organizations that use information systems. Explain how you would secure information systems used by digital firms. (Po
Identify and describe the security problems posed by cloud computing.
What are some security procedures to protect information and possible approaches for payroll information? List 5 different options and give a brief explanation for each.
Briefly describe the three generic business-level strategies, providing an example of each. What will be an ideal response?
How is policy practice similar to and different from planned changed at the micro level?  What social policies are in place should your clients need protection from oppression and discrimination?  Wha
Give a full and complete explanation of the three types of affirmative action. Explain how they work, the guidelines for such a plan to be enforceable, what is and is not allowed and an example of each.
What are the exceptions to the rule of acceptance? Give some examples.
Give one example of a company overstepping ethical boundaries for stakeholder agendas, and identify what types of preventative measures could be taken to avoid this type of situation.
Describe a retail business with which you are familiar and determine the most suitable means of inventory control. Provide specific examples to support your response. For the same business, discuss wh
Define the terms loss prevention and loss reduction, and provide examples of each.
Define descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analytics and give an example of how a company would use each.
Differentiate between authentication and access control. Provide and describe 3 types of each, commonly used by organizations. Explain why NIST has changed its stance on strong passwords.
State some examples of a third-party ownership policy.
Explain the policies of the 7 Domains of IT infrastructure.
Provide three examples of the scope that risk management may cover and provide a brief explanation of what it is within the scope that risk management will be applied.
Please define, explain and give an example of assurance services.  Please define, explain and give an example of an attestation engagement. Please define, explain and give an example of a "special rep
Explain the concept of international credit insurance and explain how it is possible to contract a policy covering commercial and political risks.
Compliance in Business: 1. What is its definition? (List 3 different definitions) 2. Why does compliance in business still matter? (List 10 reasons and explanation) 3. What are the risks if a company disrespects compliance? (List 5 risks and explanation)
Discuss the three types of controls that firms can use to evaluate a strategy. Explain examples of each of these controls.
Discuss the impact of ethics in business policies and support it with examples.
Explain each of the four international strategies and describe the essential differences between them. Provide an example of each strategy.
Discuss when the Q system is used and when the P system is used. What are the distinguishing criteria for when they are used?
Give an example of a cover note outlining the purpose of the policy and the benefits of an organization.
How do policies aid strategy implementation? Illustrate your answer.
Explain what credit risk is and discuss methods of assessing credit risk. Include examples in your answer.
List several types of company surveillance people are subjected to now and describe how businesses justify using them.
What are the various forms of illegal discrimination? Please identify and summarize them.
Identify the three types of pay-level policies. Explain each.
In your own words evaluate the differences between cooperative and competitive strategies. Give specific examples of each type in your analysis.
Determine what measurement guidelines should be used to verify strategy effectiveness.
1. Compare and contrast the at-risk rules and passive activity limits. Discuss the purpose for each, and suggest as least two (2) tax-planning strategies for ensuring that the IRS allows passive losse
Describe the difference between a prevention cost and an appraisal cost. Give an example of each.
Describe the various means through which capitalists influence the government to adopt the policies they favor. What are some examples of such policies?
Describe the guidelines for using different types of power.
Identify and explain the six common politics tactics used in organizations.
Explain the following safety types in manufacturing: a. objective safety b. security c. perceived safety d. normative safety
Distinguish between ethical and unethical business practices. Give examples of both.
Identify the purposes and types of policies within the field of criminal justice.
Give some examples of how technology is creating employer-employee rights and policy issues. Then suggest some possible actions that may be needed.
Describe the key features that should be included in a whistleblower policy.
Name and describe the various conflict-management styles and the appropriate time to utilize each one. What will be an ideal response?
Identify and briefly describe the four most frequently used strategic approaches to achieving sustainable competitive advantage. Provide examples.
Differentiate between internal and external risks. Provide examples.
Give examples of three procedures, strategies or protocols that can be used to identify and address unethical conduct.
Name five examples of finance and accounting decisions that may require policies.
What is union security? Explain the five types of union security.
What types of unsafe conditions are the primary focus of OSHA standards? How does OSHA enforce its standards?
Organizations face many challenges when trying to combat malware and hacker attacks. Name and describe five policies that can help ward off these types of security issues.
Explain the contingency approach and the system approach in management and provide examples of each.
After reviewing the scenario, compare and contrast the at-risk rules and passive activity limits.  Discuss the purpose for each, and suggest as least two (2) tax-planning strategies for ensuring that
Describe the rule of reason and describe when it is used.
Define the following terms and describe an effective example of each: 1) Logistics management 2) Value chain 3) Distribution
Describe in a brief essay what say-on-pay policies and clawback policies are. Why do corporations implement these policies? What will be an ideal response?
List the various risk elements that are considered when determining the risk premium.
Describe and demonstrate some of the similarities and differences between principles and values. Why are principles and values important normative considerations in ethical decision making?
Discuss the four functions of management. Provide an example of each.
What would be examples of valid selection methods used by the human resource department to ensure selecting the appropriate candidate for a job?
Differentiate between general and application controls. Provide some examples
Describe and evaluate the strategies for managing organizational resistance. Give an example.
Explain how safety programs can be used as incentives by companies to help reduce on-the-job accidents. List at least five important factors that help companies find the right balance between safety and providing rewards for safe actions while operating w
Define strategy implementation and discuss three specific organizational policies and practices that are particularly important in implementing a strategy.
List the five assumptions of perfect competition and give an example of how each might be violated in the market for health/health care. Broadly speaking, what are the implications of these violations
How can an HR department protect employee data from identity theft? Describe at least three methods. What will be an ideal response?
List and briefly describe examples of risk factors for each condition of fraud for misappropriation of assets.
Differentiate normative accounting theory from positive accounting theory. Provide examples of each.
What are the different types of strategies?  What are the differences among these strategies?  How do you determine which type of strategy is most appropriate for your organization?
Identify and briefly explain 5 types of offensive strategies.
Differentiate among the three risk management strategies: risk avoidance, risk anticipation, and risk transfer. Offer an example of each.
Define and explain the overarching ethical issues demonstrated by data breaches.
Discuss how successful airlines acknowledge different pricing strategies as they relate to the airline's overall business strategy. Provide examples.
How is risk to insurance counterparties quantified? In other words, is risk to insurance companies treated the same way as risk to customers that have been extended an unsecured line of credit? Explain thoroughly.
Identify a company that advertises or professes benefits that are not actually true. Summarize the general details of your example.  Then, explain the way(s) that the law helps to protect consumers fr
Identify and describe the policy instruments used by the government to influence trade and direct investment.
Discuss and describe the six elements of the external environment. Provide Specific Examples for Each?
What is the behavioral checklist regarding management policy and strategy?
1-Demonstrate how a business can use authentication and authorization technologies to prevent hackers from gaining access to organizational systems.  2- Compare the following Information Systems: - Ex
Discuss and describe the differences between a process and an instructional document: what situations dictate which document to use? Provide examples.
List and describe each of the three strategy-evaluation activities.
Business Crime Using the Internet identify example of when "Employee Theft" was alleged to have been committed. Construct a counterargument that supports that "Employee Theft" may not be classified as
Define political behavior and explain its features.
Explain the foundational values for identifying business ethics issues with examples.
Discuss ways to determine if a service was created/provided in an ethical manner.
Describe the value chain in corporate strategy with examples
4. List and describe the types of claims in state worker's compensation programs.  How much redundancy is there with employer-sponsored private insurance? Explain your answer.
In a minimum of 250 words, describe the concept known as adverse selection? Explain how does its existence affect the market for health insurance? List and describe a few examples of insurance compani
Explain the key principles that guide effective and efficient risk assessment.
Compare and contrast the employment-at-will policies and due process policies. Explain your answer.
Explore our homework questions and answers library
Search
Browse
Browse
by subject
Math
Social Sciences
Science
Business
Humanities
History
Art and Design
Tech and Engineering
Health and Medicine
Ask a Question
To ask a site support question,
click here
Support
We use cookies on our site.
We use cookies on our site. See
To learn more about the information we collect, how we use it and your choices visit our
Privacy Policy
OK
Question to be answered
Differentiate between a security policy and an acceptable use policy. Be sure to provide examples...