Skip to Content             Back  Suggestions for you See more
16 Qs
Copyright
2.8K plays
6th -
8th
16 Qs
Intellectual Property
1K plays
8th
12 Qs
Web Design
434 plays
9th
SUPER   LESSON
19 Qs
Digital Trails
56 plays
KG -
2nd
Build your own quiz    Browse from millions of quizzes
QUIZ
Computers
78%
accuracy
86
plays
Stephanie Martucci
6 years
Computers
Acceptable Use Policy (AUP)
Stephanie Martucci
86
plays
8 questions
Introducing new Paper mode No student devices needed. Know more   Want to host for more than 20 participants? Upgrade your player limit now and unlock additional features
8
questions
Show Answers
See Preview       1. Multiple-choice     30 seconds   1 pt   What does A.U.P. stand for?           Awesome User Profile      Acceptable Use Policy      Acceptable User Password      Any Unit Password                     2. Multiple-choice     30 seconds   1 pt   Who is responsible for the technology used in school?           Me (the student)      Mrs. Martucci      Mr. Zimmerman      My Parents                     3. Multiple-choice     30 seconds   1 pt   If you don't have a username and password, you should:           Use someone else's      Guess      Ask the teacher for your own      Flip through name tags to find one                     4. Multiple-choice     30 seconds   1 pt   I am allowed to share my username and password with whom?           My friends      My classmates      My dog      No one                     5. Multiple-choice     30 seconds   1 pt   What is an example of cyberbullying?           Dancing online      Singing online      Calling others mean names online      Calling others on the phone                     6. Multiple-choice     30 seconds   1 pt   If you notice something is not right with your computer or the program/website isn't running properly, you should:           Continue to use it      Click 100 times to get to a new screen      Let your teacher know ASAP      Ask your friend to help                     7. Multiple-choice     30 seconds   1 pt   If there is a piece of your technology equipment that is damaged, you should:           Damage it some more      Clean it       Shut it off      Let your teacher know                     8. Multiple-choice     30 seconds   1 pt   What does it mean to follow copyright rules?           Copy exactly what you see      Site work appropriately that isn't your own      Write down a list of rules      Send emails to your friends                                                                                   Expore all questions with a free account       Already have an account?
8
Old-questions
0
Auto-converted
explore
library
create
reports
classes