AdvertisementAcceptable use policyReportFollowApr. 14, 2013•0 likes2 likesBe the first to like thisShow More•2,304 viewsviewsTotal views0On Slideshare0From embeds0Number of embeds0Check these out next1 of 22Top clipped slideAcceptable use policyApr. 14, 2013•0 likes2 likesBe the first to like thisShow More•2,304 viewsviewsTotal views0On Slideshare0From embeds0Number of embeds0Download to read offlineReportEducationThis powerpoint is presented to demonstrate the use of a computer and related technology within  a school.FollowAdvertisementAdvertisementAdvertisementRecommendedMore Related ContentSlideshows for you(20)Similar to Acceptable use policy(20)AdvertisementRecently uploaded(20)Acceptable use policy                   Geneva Crumel Fair
EDU 352 Foundation of Educational Technology (CVS 1312A)
Scott Shepard
the districts objective and goal to make the internet
an intermediate education experience for the students.
Harnessing the internet access for the students will
assist the district in complying with the ADA, and being
effective and safe for student use daily. For every great
educational site, there are several more that features
unacceptable content for children. Keeping the internet
safe is to teach responsible use, which is why
developing and implementing. Appropriate Use Policy
(AUP) is so imperative. Please read and understand the
Acceptable Use Policy.
Management
• Individual or individuals will be held responsible at “ALL”
times for the proper use of District technology resources,
and the district may suspend or revoke individual acess
if he or she “Violate” the rules of expectation.
• This account ONLY be used primarily for education
purposes, will be LIMITED e.g. checking email
yahoo.com Only.
• Password-restricted areas of the Site and in our are in
the Frequently asked questions. With the exception of
the Sample Images, you may not manipulate or alter in
any way images or other Content on the Site.
Web
• Accessing and using the site, you are agree to the terms
and conditions set forth herein (Term in use of the Web).
• There may be more terms and conditions applicable to
specific areas of this Site or to particular content or
transactions are also posted in particular areas of the Site
and, together with these Terms of Use.
• Applicable additional terms and conditions, are referred to
as this "Agreement".
• Violation of this policy may constitute cause for
revocation of access privileges suspension of access to
the district’s computers, other discplinary actions, and/or
appropriate legal action.
•   Retrieved April 13, 2013 from http://www.wcpss.net/employees/emp-handbk.pdf
E-mail Accounts
• The district’s use of the email account is limited in size of
storage on the server and in file size of attachments.
• Should the account over the limited amount of space
(45%) the system will send a "warning" message and
then e-mail will be deleted from the server.
• Frequently check email to avoid reaching the storage
limit of your account.
• Email will began to be return to sender in the event that
the individuals are unable to do so for a period of time.
Private Data
• When applicable, individual must comply with the
Districts record manage program, the Open Meeting Act,
the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA),
including retention and confidentiality of student and
district records, and campaign.
is the responsibility of each user to use the computer
resources provided by the district in an efficient, ethical,
and legal manner.
• By accepting of this policy shows the users computer of
access their email or other network resources.
System
• Implementing the tools that have be provided by the
district will assist with any virus that may or may not be
apparent.
• The district provides up to date antivirus software that
will protect the computer against most viruses, worms,
Trojans, and other unwanted software that can infiltrate a
PC.
• It is critical to have antivirus software installed on your
computer and configure it to check for updates
automatically.
When using accounts, internet, email systems, it is
important to know/be familiar with the laws and
regulations governing the use of email and other
messages.
• Information Resources Management Commission Policy
and Guidelines for Developing Filtering and Monitoring
Policies for State Employee, students, and Third Party
Using State information.
• Accessing computers NCGS 14-454.
Web users should be wary of suspicious email. Signs
that an email may be a phishing attempt include: the
email contains obvious spelling errors. Phishers do this
intentionally in order to avoid spam filters that many
Internet providers use, and spam marketing techniques
in connection with Internet Marketing.
• Violations of our Terms of Service or this Spam and
Phishing Policy may result in legal action against you
and the termination, without notice, of your Service
enrollment and/or anything associated with it, including,
but not limited to, encryption keys, access logs and
profiles.
It is important to never just switch off the computer it may
lose unsaved information and damage the computer's
hard disk drive thereby losing saved information too.
• Click the Start button
• Click Shutdown
• Select the Shut down the computer option click on it.
• Click the yes button to confirm the selection.
• Some computers can switch themselves off automatically.
On others, you need to press the on/off button after you
see the message: 'It is now safe to turn off the computer”.
Retrieved April, 13, 2013 from
http://www.pearsoned.co.uk/bookshop/article.asp?item=547
School Computer
• Any software available for download via the Site is the
copyrighted work of the district and/or its licensors.
• The software will be governed by the terms of the end
user license agreement that accompanies or is included
with the software.
• If one choose to download, installing, and/or using any
such software indicates your acceptance of the terms of
the end user license agreement.
Content Filtering. User access, both adult and minor, shall
be filtered to block profane or obscene (pornography)
material or any other material inappropriate for minors.
User activity and the operation of filtering protection
measures will be monitored to ensure compliance with the
Acceptable Use Policy. A system administrator may
disable filtering to enable adult access for bona fide
research or other lawful purposes.
• Personal contact information about themselves or other
people “shall NOT” be posted on the internet.
• This includes but not limited to: address, telephone, school
address, work address, or a student's full name.
copyrights belongs to its partners, affiliates,
contributors or third parties.
• The copyrights in the Content are owned by the district or
other copyright owners who have authorized their use on
the Site.
• You may download and reprint Content for non-
commercial, non-public, personal use only. (If you are
browsing this Site as an employee or member of any
business or organization, you may download and reprint
Content only for educational or other non-commercial
purposes ( Technology Tips Number 170 Copyrights and
the Internet, 2006).
on the proper backup for media needs.
• Choose a backup application. For personal computers,
there are many options.
• Prepare your backup device of choice.
• Open your choice of application, select the files you
wish to keep, select the media where you will be
saving the backup, and start it up.
• Make sure your backup process completes successfully
before using computer again.
•   Retrieved April 13, 2013 from
http://www.microsoft.com/athome/setup/backupdata.aspx#fbid=5MSho3QkC5-
honesty will be noted in the Social Media
environment.
• User interaction are important features in many Web-
based news services (Li Q, Chen, Lin, 2010).
• Use common sense and common courtesy: for example,
it’s best to ask permission to publish or report on
conversations that are meant to be private or internal to
(COMPANY). Make sure your efforts to be transparent
don't violate (COMPANY)'s privacy, confidentiality, and
legal guidelines for external commercial speech.
Act (CIPA)
• Attempting to shield children from cyberspace
pornography, is the job of CIPA it does not resolve all the
legal issues.
• Schools are required to have a policy of Internet safety
that include the use of technology protection measures.
Limitations in filtering technology under the.
activities are any violations of federal, state, or
local laws and include, but are not limited to, copyright
infringement and/or illegal file sharing; posting or
publishing false or defamatory information about a person
or organization; committing fraud; cyberstalking;
cyberharassment; threatening another person; or
intentionally engaging in communications for the purpose
of abusing, annoying, threatening, terrifying, harassing, or
embarrassing another person.
• Harassment includes, but is not limited to, slurs,
comments, jokes, innuendoes, unwelcome compliments,
cartoons, visual depictions, pranks, or verbal conduct
relating to an individual that
depictions, pranks, or verbal conduct relating to an
individual that (1) have the purpose or effect of creating
an intimidating, hostile or offensive environment; (2)
have the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering
with an individual’s work or school performance; or (3)
interfere with school operations.
abuses range from accidentally sending
a personal note to everyone transmitting sexually or
racially charged correspondence. Protection of such
misuse consist of but not limited: CIPA, viruses,
cyberbullying, and the leaking out of personal
information. The web is very informational but it can also
be a major nigthmare if not promptly use. It is everyone
jobs to monitor what site will be displayed on the
computer.
M. (2004). Filtering the Internet: The
Children's Internet Protection Act. Legal Update.
Educational Horizons, 82(2), 108-113.
• Li, Q., Wang, J., Chen, Y., & Lin, Z. (2010). User
comments for news recommendation in forum-based
social media. Information Sciences, 180(24), 4929-4939.
doi:10.1016/j.ins.2010.08.044
• Siau, K., Nah, F., & Teng, L. (2002). ACCEPTABLE
INTERNET USE POLICY. Communications Of The ACM,
45(1), 75-79.
• Technology Tips Number 170 Copyrights and the Internet,
(2006).
County Public School System 2012-2013
Employee Handbook, 2013 Retrieved April 9, 2013 from
http://www.wcpss.net/employees/emp-handbk.pdf
Advertisement