Acceptable Use PolicyThis Acceptable Use Policy applies to your use of anything that Figma makes available, including Figma’s SaaS platform, websites, and APIs (collectively, the “Services”). This policy outlines the standards of conduct we require on the Services and is designed to protect the integrity of the Services and other users. This policy may change as Figma grows and evolves, so please check back regularly for updates and changes.1. Compliance with Laws and Regulations.You are responsible for using the Service in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and Figma’s . You will not use the Services in any manner that would violate applicable U.S. export controls or sanctions laws or regulations or cause Figma to violate such laws or regulations (such as using the Services in a sanctioned jurisdiction or on behalf of a sanctioned person, entity, or government). 2. Conduct Restrictions.While using the Services, do not:a. damage, disable, interfere with, or circumvent any aspect of the Services;b. interfere with anyone else’s use of the Services;c. test, penetrate, or scan the Services for security vulnerabilities or limitations, other than in compliance with our ;d. impersonate anyone or misrepresent your connection with any person or entity;e. use the Services to compete with Figma, or copy any ideas, features, functions, or graphics of the Services;f. distribute any unwanted communication (e.g., using the Services to send spam);g. use the Services for activities where use or failure of the Services could lead to death, bodily injury, damage to personal property, or environmental damage;h. access or use the Services in a manner intended to avoid incurring fees owed;i. act in bad faith; j. scrape, data mine, or except as explicitly permitted by publicly available Figma APIs, access Figma or Figma content (including third party content made available through Figma) programmatically; k. use a third party’s content without their permission (e.g., use stolen content); orl. modify, or use anything that modifies, Figma’s code or code execution. 3. Content RestrictionsDo not upload or publish to the Services, or use the Services to distribute or create, anything that:a. is fraudulent, false, misleading, or deceptive;b. is defamatory, obscene, pornographic, vulgar, or offensive;c. promotes discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment, or harm against any individual or group;d. is violent or threatening or promotes violence or actions that are threatening to any person or entity;e. promotes illegal or harmful activities or substances;f. is malicious or destructive, such as software viruses, worms, trojan horses, spyware, dishonest adware, scareware, crimeware, or any other malicious or destructive software of programs;g. is illegal or solicits conduct that is illegal under laws applicable to you or Figma;h. violates the rights of others, including data privacy, confidentiality, and/or intellectual property rights (e.g., upload or publish stolen content);i. is or includes sensitive information subject to regulation or protection under applicable laws, including but not limited to Sensitive Data as defined under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (for example, data relating to race, religion, politics, health, genetics, or sexual orientation);j. is or includes patient, medical, or other personal health information (including but not limited to protected health information under HIPAA);k. is or includes financial information, including but not limited to credit and debit card information;l. is or includes social security numbers or other government identifiers; or m. is or includes protected data about minors (such as data protected by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act).If you violate this policy or encourage, allow or assist others to do anything to violate this policy, we will take any action we consider necessary to protect Figma, our users, and third parties. This may include quarantining or deleting data stored on the Services, removing any of your content, or suspending your use or access to the Services. Please note that violation of this policy may result in termination in accordance with our termination rights in our agreement with you. You will not be entitled to any credit or other compensation for any interruption of the Services caused by your violation of this policy.