Play
Play Now
Play Now
Watch
Bet
Podcasts
The First Cut
Fantasy Baseball Today
CBSSports.com Acceptable Use Policy
Effective Date February 4, 2005
This CBSSports.com Acceptable Use Policy is incorporated into the .
You shall not use the Service to:
Post, transmit, display, distribute or promote any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, offensive, pornographic, profane, racist, sexually explicit or indecent material of any kind.
Encourage, promote, solicit or commit conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national or international law.
Post, transmit, display, distribute or promote in any way, information, software, or other material that violates, plagiarizes or infringes the rights of third parties including, without limitation, copyright (including, without limitation, offering pirated computer programs or links to such programs, information used to circumvent manufacturer-installed copy-protect devices, including serial registration numbers for software programs, or any type of cracker utilities), trademark, patent, trade secret, rights of privacy or publicity or any other proprietary right.
Promote physical harm or injury against any group or individual.
Promote or solicit for participation in multi-level marketing or pyramid schemes.
Post, transmit, display, distribute or promote material that exploits or harms children under eighteen (18) years of age.
Impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity.
Post, transmit, display, distribute or promote material of any kind which constitutes requests for money, petitions for signature, or chain letters.
Post, transmit, display, distribute or promote material of any kind that contains a virus or other harmful component.
Post, transmit, display, distribute or promote information or material of any kind that constitutes or contains false or misleading indications of origin or statements of fact, including, without limitation, by forging headers or otherwise manipulating identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through the Service.
Upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements).
Interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service.
Disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to "scroll" faster than other users of the Service are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real time exchanges.
Upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Service.
Stalk or otherwise harass another.
Collect or store personal data about other users.
CBSSports.com may revise this Acceptable Use Policy from time to time in its sole discretion and such revisions shall be effective upon publishing on the Service.